CULTURAL STUDIES 101

Hi!  The Yonkers, Aunt June, Donno and I left on our Fall Looney trip
last Monday AM and just returned.  Since Uncle Wendy and I had to do
all of the driving (Uncle Earl used to do a lot of it) we confined our
workload to about 350 miles per day max.  The autumn colors are
beautiful out East but somewhat spoiled by all of the rain we drove
thru.  We attended a spectacular sight and sound show in Lancaster PA
called IN THE BEGINNING.  We stopped in at the Mennonite Headquarters
(Anna Wolff's bosses in Africa) and attended a lecture on a full-sized
model of the tribe of Israel's Tabernacle.  Then we took a Mennonite
Guide in our van for a two hour tour of the Amish countryside.  That
lunatic who invaded an Amish school a couple of years ago and killed 5
girls before shooting himself occurred in a town next to where we were
staying.  It speaks so well of the Christian attitude of the Amish that
they forgave this jerk and now support his widow and five kids!  We
next drove to Parkersburg, KY just south of Cincinnati where we visited
the Creation Museum.  The exhibits and shows were well done, even
though we couldn't agree with all of the tenets they were promoting. 
Next day, we toured Cincin-
nati's award winning museum in their former Grand Central Station.  We
also saw an outstanding IMax  show on THE SECRETS OF THE PHAROHS. 
Those Egyptians did such a great job of preserving their dead Pharohs 
that Rameses (who ruled 67 years) is probably the only face we'll ever
see from the Old Testament days.  Our top Scientists are now doing
studies on the DNA taken from those 3000 year old bones of the
Egyptians to try to determine if Alzheimers was present in those days. 
Donno and I are heading to Palos Church now to hear a lecture by Rev.
Basaam Madany on Islam.  It seems like a fitting way to wind up our
week of culture studies (we'll follow this up with the 7:30 kickoff of
the Bears vs Atlanta.  Donno and I continue to pray for all of you and
we ask that you do some extra praying for Mollie and baby Wally Ben V
who's due
in a matter of days or weeks from now.  Much love,  Boppa
