Letter "C"

Dear Grandkids,  My prayer:  Lord, I pray for your blessings for our 
Church, Council, and the various Committees which make the church 
function and thus bring glory to your name.  I pray also for our 
Country, President Obama and those in authority,  guide them to make 
decisions which glorify your kingdom.
SNIPPET: Construction projects.  After Kim and Walt got married in 
1970, we only needed one bedroom in our Evergreen Park home.  With 
the help of Uncle
Wendy, I tore out two walls and made the back two bedrooms into a 
family room.  Uncle Barry helped to build a bedroom in the basement 
for their visits from various graduate schools.  When I retired in 
1986, I bought a blueprint and had the fun of building a two-car 
garage.  A few years later, I designed and built a brick sunroom on 
the back of the house (Uncle Joe let me work with his gang of 
bricklayers one day so I could get the hang of that trade).  In 1992, 
we bought our current residence from Uncle John Groot.  Grandma Great 
Persenaire had died and Uncle John and Aunt Phyl wanted to keep the 
house in the family.
They gave us a "deal we couldn't refuse".  They offered the Wolffs or 
us the house for the same price we would get for our current homes. 
We had to guess a number from 1 to 10........Uncle Earl won, but 
since his place of employment was in Hammond, IN and daughter Donna 
lived in Lansing, Uncle Earl wanted to stay in that area.  So we got 
the house for the $124,000 that our Evergreen property brought in.  I 
had visions of adding a large Family Room, Dinette, Bathroom and 
Laundry Room.  While vacationing that spring in Gulf Shores, AL ,I 
visited an Anderson Window Outlet and drew up plans around the 
windows I thought would go well with the addition.  Unlike the 
Building Department of Evergreen which accepted my detailed drawing 
for a permit, Palos Heights made me get a licensed architect (who 
charged $500) to redraw the plans.  Then I went to work building 
twelve large trusses and the sides......and after about a year, 
VOILA, the addition was a reality.  It's really a lot of fun building 
stuff and I can see why it's such an enjoyable hobby for Uncle 
Barry.  Love, Boppa
