Ps.25

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 25 .....  Show me 
your ways, O Lord; teach me your paths; guide me in your truth for 
you are my God and Savior.
SNIPPET:  Legionnaires' Disease.  A couple of annual events that I 
was in charge of at Swift & Company, were the September three-day 
Sales Meeting and the December Awards Trip for winning salesmen and 
their spouses (in the last few years there were also winning sales 
women).  Since 1976 was our Country's Bicentennial, I scheduled the 
September meeting in Philadelphia.  I'd fly out to the selected city 
8 to 10 months ahead of time and check out the facilities and room 
rates in about five different hotels.  I had to book 315 rooms for 
three nights for each September meeting which gave me considerable 
"clout" in haggling for the best rates.  I had a Philadelphia hotel 
all booked and then in early July of 1976 a pneumonia-like disease 
broke out at an American Legion Convention in Philadelphia.  Several 
attendees died.  It became a big media story for several weeks, 
especially when the same thing happened at another large meeting in 
Philadelphia.  Some of our Salesmen's wives began writing to our 
Swift President that they weren't going let their husbands attend the 
meeting.  By early August he called me in and said we'd better change 
our location.  I had read that Orlando, Florida had a surplus of 
hotel rooms since they had overbuilt when the new Disney World came 
there.  So, I hopped on a plane for Orlando and, sure enough, I was 
able to book 315 rooms there at the last moment.  Because of all the 
press coverage on the Legionnaires' Disease story, I was able to get 
out of my contract with the Philadelphia hotel.  For one of our 
December Award Trips, I took Donno along on a preliminary scouting 
trip to Jamaica.  I rented a car for four days and had to drive on 
the LEFT side of the roads.  That meant that she sat on the side 
where traffic zoomed by in the other direction.  You can probably 
imagine the many shouted, shrill traffic "alerts" I received for 
those four days!  Love,  Boppa

P.S.  Today, Donno and I went for our Driver's License renewals and 
our Flu Shots.  The State of Illinois permits senior citizens (with 
February and March birthdays to go early so as to avoid Icy Roads.) 
At age 87, I no longer have to pay a fee, BUT, I now have to take the 
driving test every year.  That's not a bad idea.  My slowing reaction 
time and fading eyesight are in a race for the finish line. 
