Ps.18

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 16 .... We pray Lord 
that you will keep us safe for in you we take refuge.  You are our 
Lord and apart from you we can do nothing.
SNIPPET:  Christmas in Montana.  The Douma clan moved to Montana back 
in 1967.  Uncle Con sold his share of Homewood Scavenger to Uncle 
Wendy and with the proceeds he purchased THE ISLAND RESORT (a motel 
located on an island in the Yellowstone River).  On the Douma's first 
Christmas there, most of the Looney clan took a train to nearby 
Livingston and celebrated the Holidays there.  The Northern Pacific 
had some kind of a discounted Family Plan and the logistics became 
pretty complicated.  As an example, the Wolffs didn't go, but they 
wanted Jim and Donna to go so Jim became a "Rosier" and Donna became 
a "Yonker".  Also, Connie's girlfriend, Carol Bardolph, became a 
Rosier.  Virginia Groot (Uncle John's widowed sister-in-law) and 
three of her kids were also going, but when Virginia's Dad passed 
away two days before Christmas, she and two of her kids stayed home 
and one of her kids became attached to Uncle John.  I was the point 
man with the Railroad and at this stage I got so frustrated with all 
these "family ties" I told the RR Agent not to bother with names 
anymore; we'd just give him a body count.  Another big pain for me 
was that Bardolph kid.  Her dad was an Optometrist, but all he did 
was pay her railroad fare.  Every couple of hours she'd come up to me 
an say, "Dad, I need money for lunch" (or souvenirs, ski rentals, 
etc.). We did have a great week there, however.  It was the first 
time on skis for many of the Looneys but we didn't break any bones. 
Donno did tip over riding a snowmobile, but that was before her 
osteoporosis, stenosis and bulging discs.  Little John Leo was about 
4 or 5 and he felt so bad for Aunt Betty when we left.  As our train 
pulled out she was bawling her eyes out and two of her local 
neighbors were sort of holding her up.    Love,  Boppa
P.S.  This is the BIG weekend .... we are all getting together at 
Warren Woods Inn to witness Lucy &  Adam exchanging vows.  It's 
almost like celebrating Christmas three months early.  My 87-year-old 
bones are rattling with excitement! 
