Ps. 42

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 42 .... By day, Lord, 
you direct your love; at night your song is in us,
as a prayer to you, our Saviour and our God.
SNIPPET 24:  HIRD Productions.  Shortly after I was discharged     from 
the Army in June of 1946, one of my classmates,
Claus Wildeveld was getting married.  He asked some of us if we could 
help him out by providing some sort of entertainment at his 
reception.  Jack Harenberg worked for United Press International and 
he owned a pretty sophisticated  P.A. system with all the amplifiers, 
microphones, turntables, etc.  Jack thought we could lip-sync  some 
recordings.  So Milt Drenth, Fred Iwema and I went to Jack's house to 
test out Jack's idea.  It turned out to be a lot of fun.  Jack, Milt 
& I got some old wigs and false boobs and practiced an Andrew Sisters 
recording.  Fred practiced an opera song "Figuro" (from the BARBER OF 
SEVILLE),  Jack made a small Baby Grand Piano and played BUMBLE 
BOOGIE.  Our performance at Claus's wedding reception was well 
received and others began to ask us to do our act.
So we formed HIRD Productions (Harenberg, Iwema, Rosier, Drenth) and 
charged $25 for doing our act at Weddings, Bowling Banquets, and 
other events.  We added more equipment such as a "Black Light" for 
some numbers, Musical Instruments to do Spike Jones orchestra 
records, etc.  In May and June we sometimes would have to perform two 
or three times a week.  After a few years it got to be too much, so 
we quit.  Jack divided our bank account and we each received several 
hundred dollars.  A few weeks ago some lady came up to me in our 
Supermarket and said, "You probably don't remember, but your HIRD 
Productions performed at my wedding reception 61 years ago."
Love, Boppa
P.S.  There are three "happenings" this week:
    1)  I've reached my goal of 50 Prayer/Snippets so this will be the 
last one.
    2)  Donno and I will get to see and hold great grandson Peter Louis 
Bandstra for the first time!
    3)  This Saturday, 11/5/11, Donno and I will celebrate 63 happy 
years together.
