Ps. 14

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 14 ...  Lord, I thank 
you that even in my latter years, You have blessed me with health, 
stamina, and the ability to work in your earthly kingdom.
SNIPPET:  Bile.  This is sort of a gross experience so you may want 
to stay close to your delete key.  I had a colonoscopy a few years 
ago and two nights later I became violently ill.  Donno called the 
paramedics at about 2:00 AM and they hauled me off to Christ Hospital 
with sirens blaring.  The Emergency Room Doctors determined i had a 
bowel obstruction (which occurs in about 1 or 2% of colonoscopies as 
a side effect).  They gave me two glasses of some kind of gook to 
drink for a Catscan scheduled for about 8:00 AM.  In the meantime, I 
told Donno to go home come back about 9:00 AM.  There wasn't a room 
available so I was kept in a small holding room in the Emergency 
Section.  The Nurse and Orderly left me in that room for a long 
time.  There wasn't a call button or phone in the room and my bladder 
was about ready to burst from that gook i had consumed.  I couldn't 
get the sides of the gurney down so I decided to pull myself off the 
foot end which was open.  I saw a laundry cart there  that was loaded 
with dirty linen.  In my "bursting
bladder" mentality, I had forgotten that they had shoved a tube down 
my nose which was connected to a suction motor to pump out my black 
bile.  Anyhow, I made it off the gurney and relieved myself in the 
laundry cart.  In so doing I had broken the tube which was now 
spinning around like a helicopter and spewing out black bile 
everywhere.  Just then the Orderly returned and said, "Wow, what a 
mess!!"  I told him that's what happens when you leave a patient 
unattended for such a long time without a call button.  Four days 
later my obstruction cleared up and I could return home.  I was 
pretty miserable at the time,  but,  in looking back it gives me a 
few chuckles.      Love, Boppa
P.S.  This morning I took my walk along the shore of Lake Michigan. 
At 9:30 AM I was the only car parked at the Channel (that was a 
"first").  Yesterday we drove to a hospital in Grand Rapids to visit 
Aunt Helen Doezema.  She had broken her Femur and had a bladder 
infection.  She is remarkably sharp at age 98 and I truly believe 
she's going to make it.  She has such a great attitude!
