Letter "L"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ....  Lord, I thank you for 
Leading me each day; may my heart continue to sing: "Lead me, guide 
me along the way,  For if you led me I cannot stray,
      Lord, let me walk each day with you, Lead me my whole life through."
SNIPPET: Lifelong Infection.  In the summer of 1944, I attended a six-
week course at Ft. Benning, Georgia.  The course was designed to 
retrain First and Second Lieutenants from various branches of the 
service to become Combat Infantry Platoon Leaders (the need was great 
because of the high mortality rate).  Anyhow, one day I was on a 
field exercise with 30 calibre machine guns.  As I was dragging one 
up a hill, the somewhat rusty tripod ripped a gash through my 
trousers and into my left leg.  The next morning, I awoke with a 
temperature and so I reported for "Sick Call".  The Medics rushed me 
to the Ft. Benning hospital since my temperature registered at 
105.8o.  The nurses packed me in ice and gave me doses of Sulpha. 
After a few days my temperature came down and the Doctors determined 
that I had a cellulitis infection.  It took about three weeks to get 
me into good enough shape to be discharged.  I joined a different 
'retread' class but a few wee later I again came down with the 
infection.  So, it was back to the hospital.  This time, they had a 
brand new drug, PENICILLIN.  At that time, they had old-fashioned 
injection needles which were sterilized and reloaded with the drug. 
Shots were administered to the buttocks and every three hours the 
night nurses would cuss out the day orderlies for not sharpening the 
needles.  Sometimes it would take three or four hard jabs to 
penetrate the skin.  Anyhow, I went overseas for 1 1/2 years and 
never had a recurrence.  But, since then I've had cellulitis about 50 
times.  Love, Boppa

P.S.  We're flying to Florida tomorrow morning if we don't get 
cancelled because of the predicted snowstorm.  I have my bottle of 
Clindamyacin Antibiotic Pills packed. 
