Letter "U"

Hi Grandkids,    Here's my prayer for today ....  Lord, I pray for 
Unity in the Church of Jesus Christ.  Help all of us to overlook 
trifling differences and petty quarrels.  May we accept with joy your 
grace which opens the doors of Heaven to we unrepentant sinners.
SNIPPET "U"  Uncle/Aunt Babysitting:  Back in the '50s and 60's when 
our kids were small, it was a fairly common practice to leave them 
with an Aunt & Uncle's home when going on vacation.  I remember one 
time when we left 4-year old Deb at my sister Betty's house for a 
week and when we picked her up, she announced, "My name is Debbie 
Poort."
(I'm sure my sister put her up to that).  The toughest bunch to take 
care of were the Doumas.  They had 6 to 8 kids in our various 
sessions and we'd have to live in their home in Oak Park, which meant 
that we had to park Deb and Kim with an Evergreen Park relative so 
they could attend school.  I used to mount an Obedience Poster on the 
refrigerator door and each kid earned "stars".  At the end of the 10 
to 12-day vacation, the kid with the most stars would earn $5 and 
then $4, $3, etc.  Donno used to count the hours until the Parents 
got home.  One vacation, on the last day, Aunt Betty called from New 
York to say they were staying two more days.  When Donno hung up, she 
cried for about an hour.  Most of our sitting involved the Groots. 
Aunt Phyl and Uncle  John usually went overseas and their vacations 
would last for about three weeks.  On one trip, we taught Robin to 
walk and surprised them on their return.  One time, we tallied up all 
the Groot vacations and determined that we had lived in their many 
different homes for over a full year!
Also, when I retired in 1986 we'd fly to Palm Desert, California each 
year and spend the month of January in their townhouse on the 
Monterey Golf Club.  Uncle John and Aunt Phyl would fly up the first 
of February and spend the next four months there.  We'd stay with 
them for one week and then fly home.  All in all we spent over a year 
of basking in the California sun before the Groots finally sold that 
place.  Love, Boppa

P.S.  I think many of you know that Uncle Wendy sold his first house 
in Evergreen to the family of the Unibomber.
          Last Saturday, I met a guy who actually was in the 
Unibomber's Chemistry class at Evergreen Park High School.
          It's too bad the Unibomber didn't flunk the class, right? 
