Ps.1

Hi Grandkids,  I've been retired now for over 25 years and I still 
rise and shine each day between 6:00 & 6:30 AM.  The reason I mention 
this is that I've always been a "morning" person.  Back in my younger 
working days, I'd often get up at 5:30 AM to do some bible reading. 
Somewhere back then, I rewrote all the Psalms as prayers.  Now that 
the ABC's of Prayer are finished, I'm going to email you a smidgen of 
some Psalm prayers each week (the Ps. is an abbreviation of Psalms 
and/or Post Script).  Please be assured that you're free to hit the 
delete key at any time.
My prayer for today is from Psalm 1 ..... Father God, make me like a 
tree planted by the streams of water so that I can bear the fruit of 
good works, which will glorify your name.
SNIPPET Ps.1:  The Dirty Dozen.  About 50 years ago, our church had a 
Sunday School class of 12 third-grade boys.
The Primary Department had boys and girls classes from Kindergarten 
thru third grade.  During the first three weeks of the new Sunday 
School year, this class of 12 boys had three teachers resign.  The 
custom at that time was to have all female teachers in the Primary 
Dept, but in desperation, the Superintendent asked me if I would take 
the class.  There was a popular World War movie out at that time 
named THE DIRTY DOZEN, a name that fittingly became attached to this 
class.  Anyhow, I agreed to take the class and worked hard to make it 
an interesting experience.  I went to the library and took out a book 
on magic tricks (I'd use some trick that I could tie in with each 
Sunday's lesson theme).  I recall one of the more memorable events 
when I had each kid write his name and that week's bible verse on a 
sheet of plain paper, and fold it into a new type of glider.  We 
climbed up into the church gallery and sailed them down into the 
auditorium.  The plane that went the farthest won a prize.  I mixed 
these events with some hard-nosed discipline and had a great time. 
After Donno's operation in 1995 for a crushed tibia, I asked the 
Surgeon about the outcome.  "Oh, she'll do fine", he said, "but all 
the Anesthesiologist talked about for the two hours, was his 
participation in your third-grade Sunday School class."  (so I guess 
my extra effort was worth it).  Love, Boppa

P.S.  Here's a timing coincidence ... I just returned an hour ago 
from Colonial Chapel from Bob Dekker's wake.  I was extending my 
sympathy to Bob's son Kurt and he was busy telling his 18-year old 
son about being a member of the DIRTY DOZEN (and I had written the 
above snippet in March!)
