Ps.5

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 5 ....  Morning by 
morning, Lord, we lay our requests before you and we wait in 
expectation, for you always hear our voices.
SNIPPET 5:  Adrenalin.  In 1987, Donno and I teamed up with the 
Douma's and Drenth's for a Bible League tour of South America.  One 
sunny day in Rio de Janeiro, our tour group listened to a 
presentation by some local missionaries at lunch.  A four-lane, one-
way boulevard bordered the front of the restaurant.  Since there 
wasn't any traffic on the boulevard after lunch,  Uncle Con stood in 
the middle lane and trained his trusty camera for a photo.  There 
must have been a stop light around the curve about a block or two 
down that had turned green.  Just as Con was snapping his photo this 
batch of cars came roaring at him, four abreast (almost all the 
natives drove like they were competing in the
Le Mans).  We thought Uncle Con was a goner, but he leaped so high in 
the air that he landed on the hood of the car that would have wiped 
him out.  Then, as the driver laid on the brakes, Con just kind of 
slid off to the pavement like the action in a slo-mo replay.  The 
hood of the car that hit him was dented in, but after I checked with 
Con who said he was OK, I waved at the driver to go.  This sounds 
unbelievable, but Con said that ever since he was a little kid he 
thought that if a car was coming right at him, he'd jump as high as 
he could.  On that South American trip, he was at his peak weight, 
tipping the scales at over 220 lbs!  The next day when we'd ask him 
to jump as high as possible, he could only get up about six inches. 
That was the only time I witnessed how far a jolt of adrenalin can 
push the human body.
Love,  Boppa
P.S.  Sometimes the early bird doesn't get the worm.  I booked a 
flight to Pensacola, FL about a month ago to join the Otts for the 
week of 9/10/11 at Jim Kostelyk's condo in Alabama. With all the fees 
and taxes, a roundtrip for Donno and I cost $561.  Today, the 
airlines started a price war and that same flight costs $463.  Just 
goes to prove that nothing is sure in this world but death and taxes 
(and I'm happy to be alive and to afford my taxes.)
