Ps.17

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 18 .... I praise you 
Lord, for your way is perfect; your word is flawless; and you are a 
shield for all who take refuge in you.
SNIPPET:  Full Wheel Covers.  Back in 1967, a friend of mine at Swift 
& Co., Harold Chaffee, had a brother in Salina, Kansas who owned a 
Pontiac agency.  He told Harold that any of his friends at Swift 
could buy a new 1967 Pontiac at dealer's cost.  Auto Manufacturers 
had promotional programs that awarded cash bonuses to their Dealers 
for every new car sold over that year's goal.  So Harold's brother 
could rack up big bucks by selling an extra 20 or 30 new Pontiacs in 
Chicago (hundreds of miles from Kansas).  Donno and I visited a 
Pontiac showroom on Western Avenue and wrote down which model and 
style we wanted plus the color and extras.  Harold then forwarded our 
list to his brother who gave us a copy of his invoice from GMC.  We 
mailed him a check and waited for a pickup date at the Pontiac 
Assembly Plant in Flint, Michigan.  On that date we flew to Flint and 
waited for our shiny, new Pontiac to be driven down the ramp. 
Imagine our chagrin when we saw the wheels equipped with small 
Volkswagon-like hubcaps!
"Why these dumb hubcaps?" we asked.  "Because you didn't order full 
wheel covers."  It was then we realized how naive we were.  Of course 
ALL the showroom cars had full wheel covers and we just assumed 
that's how the car came.
A week or so later we saw an ad in the local newspaper for a set of 
full wheel covers for $25.  I drove over to the place and they fit so 
I bought them.  I noticed that the guy also had a Sears Roebuck 
guitar in his basement which he sold to me for the $10 I offered .... 
thus I became the klutz musician.  Love, Boppa
P.S. We are with all the Otts at Orange Beach, Alabama, for the 
week.  We got all the kids packed in two vans by
8:00 AM today and took a 30 minute ride to the Pensacola, FL Naval 
Air Base.  We watched those fabulous Blue Angels practice their one 
hour Air Show.  Joel's brother Jim has a close friend who is in 
training there to become a full fledged Blue Angel Flier next year.
