Ps.21

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 21 ....  Lord, we 
praise you for the victories you give us day after day.  Thank you 
for victories over disease, over sin, over homelessness and poverty.
SNIPPET:  Surrogate Pastor.  Back in 1994 I experienced the true 
meaning of the ancient American Indian adage of "walking a mile in 
another person's moccasins."  Our Church spent a year between Pastors 
as we searched for a new one and I happened to be the Council 
President at the time.  I was also on the Bible League Board of 
Directors and a Friendship Club tutor during that year.  We had just 
purchased our Palos Heights home from Uncle John Groot and I was busy 
putting on the Family Room addition.  We didn't have cell phones or 
cordless hardline phones at the time, so I had to install a special 
phone line outside to field calls when Donno wasn't home.  It was 
during that year that I found out how difficult a Pastor's job really 
is.  It was like going from a family of four to suddenly inheriting a 
family of 250!
A Pastor has to keep a very flexible schedule.  The phone rings and 
some church family member is taking an emergency ambulance ride to a 
hospital.  That calls for a quick change into clean clothes and a 
fast drive to the hospital to pray with and console the patient's 
family and/or the patient.  If the patient is near death it could 
mean spending hours at the hospital.  Four of our church members died 
that year so I had to hunt up regular pastors to do the funeral 
services.  The other churches in our Chicago South Classis supplied 
preachers for two Sundays per month and I had to find others to fill 
the balance of the year.  One Sunday, the minister I had called weeks 
before didn't show up.
I mounted the pulpit, opened the service and picked out a couple of 
hymns to sing while another Elder searched all over for our book of 
"Reading" sermons.  He finally found it and I quickly selected a 
short five-pager.  Just as I was about to begin, the Minister I 
called strolled in.  He thought our service began at 11:00 AM instead 
of 9:30!  Nowdays, I marvel at the extra grace and gift of patience 
God bestows on Pastors.  They have definitely earned my admiration 
after spending that year in their "shoes."  Love, Boppa

P.S.  Tomorrow we go to Midway Airport and fly Airtran to Branson, MO 
with the other LOONIES for our annual Fall trip.  We have a condo and 
a van rented for four nights and tickets to the following shows: 
Tues, 2:00 PM,  THE TWELVE IRISH TENORS ... Wed, 7:30 PM,  NOAH, THE 
MUSICAL .... Thurs, 8:00 PM,  SMOKE ON THE MOUNTAIN.  Then we fly 
home on Friday.  All the Loonies are going except Uncle Con.  Should 
be fun!  Bops
