Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ....  Lord, I pray that 
you will permit me to welcome each day with a Zeal for doing what you 
would have me to do.  Help me with your Holy Spirit
SNIPPET Z for Zugspitze.  In World War II our outfit wound up in 
Mittenwald, Germany, which is near to Germany's highest mountain, the 
Zugspitze.  It seems appropriate that I should also wind up this ABC 
series with a couple of Zugspitze snippets:  1)  There was a German 
horseback riding stable nearby and another officer and I went there 
to determine if it had possibilities as a recreation facility for our 
troops.  One of the German stablemen saddled up a couple of horses 
for us and pointed out the riding trail which led up the mountain. 
All went well as we rode up the trail for about an hour.  Then, we 
decided to return and when we turned the horses around, they sensed 
they were going home and bolted for the stables.  Loose rocks were 
flying off the trail and we had to duck when we came to the stable or 
we'd have been knocked unconscious as we roared to a stop.  The 
Germans apologized and said the horses were extra frisky since they 
hadn't been ridden for a long time.  In the weeks after that some of 
our GI's enjoyed their rides, but I never got on another horse.  #2) 
There was a railway going up the Zugspitze to a Ski Resort about 
2/3rds of the way up.  Even though it was June there was still snow 
up there and skiing was possible.  Our Battalion Surgeon (a seasoned 
skier from Vermont) and I joined a bunch of troops and went up for a 
"day on the slopes."  He taught me how to snowplow turn and stop and 
we had a lot of fun.  Trouble was, we got carried away and on our 
last run we got down to where the snow was slushy and we had a long 
climb back to the resort.  By the time we got there the train had 
left and we had to sleep in the resort.  There wasn't much in the way 
of food at the lodge but there was plenty of German beer.  We had a 
sound night's sleep and when the train came up the next day we bummed 
some rations and skied again ... only this time we made sure to catch 
the train down!  Love,  Boppa
P.S.  Donno and I visited Jane in the Hospital and we each got to 
hold little Stella Gertrude Kostelyk.  We can testify that she's a 
real cutie, rosy-cheeked, and the answer to our many prayers
