Ps.7

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 7 .....  We give you 
thanks, Lord, because of your righteousness.
We will sing praises to you, our Lord most high.
SNIPPET:  Elder Hostels.  Since my retirement in 1986, Donno and I 
have attended at least 15 Elderhostels.      My Snippet for today and 
for next week will be about two of them.  Unlike Youth Hostels, Elder 
Hostels are quite expensive and are usually given by Professors from 
nearby universities.  In Sedona, AZ, a Geology Prof from the U of 
Arizona was the main lecturer on the formation of our Planet Earth. 
He said an earlier German Geologist believed that God created the the 
earth as a single body of land.  Then, subsequent  shifts in the 
plates under the oceans had separated it into various continents that 
form our present planet.  One of his arguments was the seeming "fit" 
of the eastern coast of South America and the western coast of 
Africa.  This Geologist died in 1931 and at that time his book was 
"pooh poohed" by most other experts in the field.  That got my 
attention, since I was in third grade in 1931 and that didn't seem 
very long ago to me!  Anyhow, later on when more sophisticated 
equipment was invented, it was found that this guy's theories were 
quite accurate.  Planes equipped with tracking devices flew around 
the earth at 100 miles intervals and could ascertain that these 
plates (which usually cause earthquakes and tsunamis) did indeed have 
a tendency to shift.  Also, the new equipment could trace the paths 
of ancient glaciers which verified the German's theory that India was 
originally attached to Southern Africa and had broken away and 
drifted north.  When it collided with Asia, near Nepal, the collision 
pushed the land mass up to form the Himalayan Mountain Range.  The 
study is ongoing by the National Geographic and others.  One of the 
professor's colleagues had just been commissioned to examine the 
bones of a giant tropical lizard found in the arctic.  So, Elder 
Hostels last five days and always cover three different subjects.  We 
usually attended those where at least one subject, or hopefully two, 
would pique our interest.  Love, Boppa     
P.S.  Michael VanWerkum's Great Grandpa Groot came from the 
Netherlands, bought a horse and wagon, and started a garbage route 
(later he became a multi-millionaire).  A few weeks ago, Michael quit 
his job as an Aeronautical Engineer in Colorado to launch a garbage 
company in outer space.  He has some big-bucks backers and as you 
know outer space is loaded with floating debris.  Last week a piece 
of garbage came within 200 feet of the space station.  I don't know 
who will pay for these pickups, but you can bet it will turn out to 
be a money maker! 
