Ps.8

P.S.Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 8 .... O Lord our 
Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth.
Thank you Lord for your many, many blessings.
SNIPPET:  Canadian Elder Hostel.  One spring about 20 years ago, 
Donno and I and the Yonkers flew  to Halifax, Nova Scotia, rented a 
car and drove to Mahoney Bay.  One of our subjects was titled "The 
Money Pit".  Back in 1793, three teenagers rowed a few hundred yards 
out to Oak Island.  It was a small, uninhabited, thickly wooded 
island.  The boys came across a circle of sunken sod that looked like 
an old excavation.  They rowed back home for some shovels and began 
digging.  A couple of feet down they reached a layer of flagstone. 
Over the next few weeks their fathers and other family members joined 
in the dig.  It appeared to be a shaft (about 13 feet in diameter) 
and every ten feet down they'd come to a layer of logs.  The families 
gave up after reaching a depth of about 30 feet.  Over the years, 
many others formed companies, paid the Canadian Government a fee for 
digging rights, and took up the search.  Even our Franklin Delano 
Roosevelt was involved in a company in the early 1900's when he was a 
NY State Senator.  Years later, when the dig reached a depth of about 
100 feet, sea water poured in and filled the hole.  A safety trap had 
been devised by whomever designed the money pit.  They had dug a 
viaduct down on an angle from the bay to flood the pit when a seal 
was broken by excavators.  In addition to millions of dollars spent 
over the last 200 plus years, six workers have been killed in 
accidents there (four from one family).  Some of the companies had 
dug down with augers and brought up small fragments of parchment and 
tiny gold chain links from a level of about 200 feet.  There are all 
sorts of theories as to what's buried down there.  But after all 
these years, it still remains a mystery.  Once, when I googled MONEY 
PIT the current digger was thinking of using cryogenics to freeze the 
excavation.  I don't expect the mystery to be solved in my 
lifetime.Hopefully, it will in yours!  Love,  Boppa
P.S. Donno is doing a morning Bible Study on the Apostle Paul. 
Yesterday her study included a reading of 1 Timothy 5:23 which 
immediately became one of her favorite verses, "Stop drinking only 
water, and use a little wine because of your stomach and your 
frequent illnesses."
