Ps. 51

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 51 .... Have mercy upon 
me, O God, according to your unfailing love; according to your great 
compassion, blot out my transgressions.
SNIPPET:  Rosier Roots.  This year marks the 200th anniversary of my 
surname.  In 1811 Napoleon Bonaparte occupied Holland and he issued a 
decree that all Dutch families had to have a surname.  This was no 
problem for my great, great Grandfather.  He simply took the surname 
of his French wife, Jacoba Rosier.  Seventy-eight years later my Dad 
was born in Anjum, Netherlands.  Donno and I traveled to the 
Netherlands in 1980 and were excited to visit an apartment behind the 
Rosier Dry Goods Store where my Dad was born in 1879.  That store had 
been in the Rosier family for over 100 years and the very week we 
were visiting it was being sold by my cousin who was retiring.  When 
my Dad finished school at the age of 13, he was hired as an 
apprentice baker in the town of Dakkum, about 21 miles from his 
home.  He slept in the loft of the bakery and had to rise and shine 
at midnight each day to light the fires in the bake ovens.  After a 
few years he became a full-fledged baker.  I don't know if it was the 
sweaty working conditions, the lousy hours, or his dream of someday 
owning a farm that motivated him, but at the age of 26 he set sail 
for America. His first job in Chicago was with the Weber Wagon Works 
(later to become International Harvester and also be Donno's first 
place of employment in 1945).  He courted and fell in love with Anne 
Ozinga who was just 16 at the time.  About
1 1/2 years later they were married on Anne's 18th birthday.  I don't 
know too much about my Mom's background, but she came to America at 
the age of 5 years.  She was a kind-hearted, patient, and talented 
woman and I can see why my Dad loved her so much!  They had 48 happy 
years together when my Dad died at the age of 77.  He had finally 
realized his life-long dream of owning a farm.  After renting some 
farm acreage in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago, he was able to 
purchase a 10-acre farm on 99th Street in Evergreen Park in 1919.   
Love,  Boppa
