Ps.52

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 52 ... In your name we 
hope, Lord, for your name is good.  We will
praise you in the presence of your Saints.
SNIPPET:  Persenaire Roots.  Most of you have heard of Donno's great, 
great grandfather, Jean Persenaire, who was part of Napoleon's French 
army of 60,000 which invaded Russia in 1812.  Talk about being a 
survivor!  He was one of only every 20 who made it back alive from 
that invasion.  I never met Donno's father, Phillip.  He passed away 
from a cerebral hemorrhage  at the age of 51 when Donno was a Senior 
in High School.  Donno's Dad must have inherited some of Jean 
Persenaire's genes for adventure.  He sailed for America on 
10/10/1910 at the age of 17, the first member of his family to do 
so.  He worked his way from the Port of New York to Akron, Ohio, 
where he was employed for a year at a tire factory.  Then he and a 
friend decided to explore the western outreaches of the U.S.A.  By 
hitching rides on freight trains and doing odd jobs along the route, 
they made it to the West Coast.  Phil fell off of a train in Oregon, 
had surgery and spent two months recovering in the hospital.  After 
that, Phil returned to Chicago where two of
his older brothers had just arrive from their voyage to America.  In 
1917 Phil was visiting a friend in Grand Rapids who introduced him to 
Agnes Doezema.  They were attracted to each other and agreed to 
correspond.  It wasn't an easy drive to Grand Rapids in those days so 
Phil got to see Agnes only a few times in those next few months.  In 
April, 1918, Phil enlisted in the Army and was stationed at Camp 
Grant, Illinois.  Phil and Agnes continued their correspondence and s 
Wedding date was set for 7/5/19 (the Fourth of July weekend).  Phil 
and Agnes had just 25 years together.  Agnes then lived another 48 
years as a widow.  Her family had been expert furniture makers in 
Michigan and had remarkable longevity genes.  Her father was one of 
six brothers and one sister who all survived until their mid-nineties 
and all out lived their spouses.  One couldn't ask for a better 
mother-in-law than Donno's Mom.  She dearly loved her 30 grandkids 
and 62 great grandkids and set an example for all of us to follow by 
living the "Fruits of the Spirit":  LOVE, JOY, PEACE, PATIENCE, 
KINDNESS, GOODNESS, GENTLENESS, FAITHFULNESS & SELF CONTROL.
Love, Boppa
P.S.  Donno and I had a great time today.  We took a 9:30 AM to 6:30 
PM bus trip to Starved Rock State Park.  After a huge lunch in their 
lodge, we were treated to a 2-hour program by Billy Diamond and his 
two very talented sons.  With a set of drums, electric bass and 
guitars plus great singing voices, they do a fantastic job of 
imitating Neil Diamond, Johnny Cash and others from that era (our 
era).  After that we boarded motor trolleys for a tour of Starved 
Rock highlights.  In December, the Park will celebrate its 100th 
birthday.
