Ps.12

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 71 ...  Lord, by you 
I have been upheld from birth.  My praise shall be continually of You.
SNIPPET:  Birthdays.  Matthew writes, "This is how the birth of Jesus 
came about."  Two thousand years later, I'm going to tell you how the 
birth of four grateful followers of Jesus came about.
1)  March 17, 1924:  On that Monday, Anne (nee Ozinga) Rosier awoke 
with labor pains.  She was just 3 weeks shy of her 34th birthday and 
was about to give birth to her 6th child.  She summoned her oldest 
son Frank (15) to run about a mile to Uncle Mart Ozinga's house and 
call Dr. Van Dellen.  We didn't have a phone and Uncle Mart did since 
he was the Chief of Evergreen Park's two-man Police Department.  Dr. 
Van Dellen arrived, assisted in the birth, and that's how i became 
the youngest of four Rosier brothers.  Uncle Frank died a few years 
ago at 95 and always kidded me that I owed him for doing that mile in 
record time.
2)  February 22, 1927.  On this cold day at a home on 105th and 
LaSalle in Chicago's Roseland neighborhood, Agnes (Doezema) 
Persenaire was about to deliver her fourth baby.  Her first three 
babies were all girls and I don't know if she was hoping for a boy. 
I do know that if the baby was a girl she wanted to name her Jean 
(after her sister Jeanette).At any rate, Dr. Walke was called and 
after a slap on the bare fanny, Donno took her first breath.  Donno's 
Dad insisted they name the baby Agnes, hence the compromise of Agnes 
Jean.  Trouble was, her whole family called her Jean so she never 
even knew whom the teacher was calling Agnes.  The school nurse 
thought she had a hearing problem!
3)  April 30, 1950.  On this sunny, Sunday morning, I was scheduled 
to usher in church.  Donno was 23 at that time and had labor pains 10 
minutes apart, but insisted the baby was hours away and that I should 
go usher.  ( I have never known how she was so sure since this was 
her first baby).  When my Mom arrived at church and I told her the 
news, she told me to get home ASAP!  So, I did and called Dr. Nejdl 
who advised that we go to the Little Company of Mary Hospital and 
have the nurses call him when they thought Donno was about to 
deliver.  At 5:30 PM. Donno delivered a healthy 6lb, 4oz baby girl, 
Debra Jean Rosier.
4)  March 17, 1954.  Early in the AM on this St. Patrick's Day and my 
30th birthday, Donno again had labor pains.  This time she predicted 
the baby would come soon, so we parked 4-year old Debbie with Aunt 
Ann and headed for the hospital.  Sure enough, Kim was born at about 
9:00 AM (another 6lb 4oz bundle of joy).  In those days the Looneys 
always celebrated adult birthdays on the exact date so, since Donno 
already had made a casserole, cake, etc. I called the family and told 
them to come over that nite and we'd celebrate two birthdays!  Before 
going back to the hospital later in the afternoon, I went to Prospect 
Savings and negotiated a $14,000 loan to build our new house at 9744 
S. Turner Avenue.  It was quite a successful day!    Love, Bops

P.S. When I entered the cottage bathroom this morning, I noticed that 
the large full-litre bottle of Donno's Listerine mouth wash was 
almost empty.  Donna confessed that she had lost her balance at 
midnight (when she came to bed)
while rising from our commode which is low enough to be designed for 
midgets.  In so doing she knocked over her bottle of listerine.  The 
only solution was to get the mop and wipe up the whole floor.  She 
said the floor smelled so good after that, but I nixed the idea of 
future use of Listerine floor wash as being too pricey.
