Ps.6

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 6 ....  We praise you 
Lord, for you have heard our cries for mercy and you have accepted 
our prayers.
SNIPPET:  A TRUE Left Hander.  In one of my evening undergrad courses 
at Northwestern, my Psychology Prof got a grant to do a study which 
could possibly help stroke victims.  The purpose was to see if after 
a stroke one could train the healthy side of the brain to take over 
some of the functions that were lost.  He needed left-handed 
volunteers and it sounded interesting so I agreed to report for a 
three-hour study on a Saturday morning.  A nurse was to attach 24 
electrodes to my skull, but "First", said the Prof, "I want you to 
read these instructions.  No, before that, I'm going to drop this 
ball and ask you to kick it."  He then told me I was one of 3% of the 
population who were truly left-handed.
He based his conclusion on my left shoulder coming forward to reach 
out for the instructions.  And. when I was to kick the ball, I 
shifted my weight to my right, anticipating a quick kick with my left 
foot.  After getting all wired up I had to lay on a couch in a 
darkened room while the Professor operated equipment in the next room 
and asked me questions on a two-way speaker system.  Mostly, they 
were of the word-association variety where I had to blurt out the 
first word that came to my mind, i.e. he'd say "blue" and i'd reply 
"yellow".  About every fifth offering from the Professor was an 
anxiety word.  Even today, over 60 years later, I can clearly 
remember that when he said "bowels", my first inclination was to say 
"Shi#", but instead I had a two-second pause and said "defecate". 
After the test, he showed me how all the pens charting my brain waves 
would make a giant leap after each anxiety word.  I never did know if 
any good came from all the brain scans, but, a few months after my 
test the Professor shared his largess by sending me a check for about 
$6.00.  Love, Boppa
