Ps.11

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 12  ....  We praise you, 
Father, for your words are flawless, like silver refined in the 
fire.  Thank you Lord for your faithfulness.
SNIPPET:  Court Martials.  For serious crimes (murder, rape, etc.) 
the military courts would call for the prosecuting and defense 
councils to have a law degree.  But, for lesser offenses, the 
defendant would appear before three field grade officers (Majors or 
Colonels) and be represented or prosecuted by regular line officers, 
Lieutenants or Captains.  When our combat days ended in May 1945, 
there were quite q few court martial cases waiting to be tried.  I 
had to serve as the prosecutor on some cases and as defense council 
on others.  I enjoyed being on defense and keeping my clients out of 
the brig.  I remember one case where this kid was walking down the 
hall and said to his buddy,  "The officers in this outfit are all 
chickens**t".  A Second Lieutenant stormed out of his office and 
said, "I heard that soldier, repeat what you said!".  So this scared 
kid repeated it.  I looked through the Army Manuals and found one 
that said that something said in private could not be used against 
the defendant,  So, I argued, when the Lieutenant told the kid to 
repeat what he said, that was a direct command.  Case dismissed.  In 
another case, a kid drove his truck into a brick wall and was held 
for wrecking government property.  This, of course, was years before 
seat belts and breath analyzers.  The Military
Police said he was obviously drunk since he staggered around after 
the wreck.  I asked them how fast they estimated he was driving, and 
they thought it was about 20 miles per hour.  I said, "Of course he 
staggered!  Who wouldn't after hitting a brick wall at that speed?" 
My happy GI truck driver was found not guilty.  Love, Boppa

P.S.  We are packing for our Silver Lake departure on Saturday.  We 
have quite a bit of experience doing this.  In the summer of 1958 we 
opted to skip Silver and go to Colorado instead  (Kim was 4 and Deb 
was 8).  Each of the other 62 years of our wedded bliss we went to 
Silver Lake.  One year Aunt June & Donno and the kids stayed for 5 
weeks!!
