Ps.23

Hi Grandkids,  My Prayer today comes from Psalm 23 .... Thank you 
Lord for your promise that Goodness and Mercy will follow me all the 
days of my life and that I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
SNIPPET:  Bible Smugglers.  In our 1987 trip to the Orient, one of 
our stops was in Hong Kong.  A church there asked if we would smuggle 
bibles to the Christians in China.  There are an estimated 20,000 
Chinese converting to Christianity every day and they desperately 
need the word of God.  We were shown a film on how to act and were 
given suitcases filled with bibles.  We had to repack these and place 
some of our clothes and toilet articles in with the bibles.  The next 
morning, the Groots, Yonkers and Doumas boarded a twin-hulled ship 
for China and Donno and I took a train.  After about 20 minutes, our 
train stopped at China's border and two fully-armed Communist 
Soldiers got on each car.  When we reached our destination city a 
couple of hours later, we had to pass our bags on an exray scanner 
similar to those used at airports.  A soldier pointed at my three 
bags and motioned for me to follow him.  Donno grabbed her bag and 
headed for the exit.  I was led to a counter that was staffed with 
several more soldiers, one was a female who could speak English.  I 
put two of my bags on the counter and dropped one on the floor by my 
feet.  The female soldier sarcastically asked if I could read Chinese 
and if not, why was I carrying all those bibles?  I said, "Because 
your people need them."  She gave me a lecture and made me unpack all 
the bibles on the counter before I could leave.  I grabbed the bag 
with my clothes and the other bag at my feet that still had bibles in 
it and headed for the exit.  I found Donno outside in the crowd and 
she was pretty shook.  The last time she saw me i was surrounded by 
soldiers and I had both of our passports and all of our cash.  We had 
to take a taxi to the White Swan Hotel and place a bag full of bibles 
in  a public locker there (where some Chinese Christians would pick 
them up the next day).  At the hotel, I took our 3 bags into the 
Men's Room to transfer all the bibles into one bag.  The toilet booth 
was poorly lit and Chinese style  ... a stand-up and crouch type with 
a hole in the floor.  It took me quite a while and every few minutes 
I'd flush and the uniformed attendant would hand me a few sheets of 
paper over the door.  When I exited, I made sure to give him a big 
tip.  Back in our Hong Kong hotel we compared results with the others 
who also got about half their bibles in. It was a fun experience and 
hopefully did some good.      Love, Boppa 
