Ps.10

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 10 .....  We praise 
you Lord for you hear our prayers in times of trouble; you encourage 
us and listen to our cry.
SNIPPET:  Cadet Club.  About 50 years ago, our CRC Denomination 
launched the Calvinist Cadet Corps.  Our Church Council asked me if I 
would organize and lead a local club.  For the first couple of years 
we didn't have much in the way of material, so we followed the Boy 
Scouts of America handbook.  Our Club had about 20 boys in the 6th, 
7th and 8th grades.  We met every week from 7;00 TO 9:00 PM and, in 
addition to a Bible Lesson, the Cadets did various activities to earn 
merit badges.  One of the badges involved Rifle Marksmanship.  I set 
up a Daisy Air Rifle range in our basement complete with targets 
etc.  Deb and Kim were little girls and sometimes they'd sit quietly 
on our basement stairs and watch with awe as the Cadets banged away. 
We'd also go out on at least one overnight camp out each year.  One 
year we planned a trip via motorboats down the Illinois River to 
Starved  Rock State Park.  That's about 90 miles by car.  We took a 
practice run a few weeks ahead of time and the boat trip took about 
seven hours.  The boat had to negotiate four sets of locks to reach 
our campground.  We launched four motorboats on the day of our trip 
at 9:00 AM, planning to arrive at our destination by 4:00 PM.  I 
drove to the campsite with 3 or 4 of the kids and all of the gear 
(tents, bedrolls, food, etc.).  My group reached Starved Rock and set 
up the tents and picnic tables and waited for
the boats.  We waited and waited.  At about 7:00 PM darkness settled 
in and still no boats.  Fifty years ago there were no cell phones.  I 
found a pay phone in the park and called one  Cadet Leader's wife to 
see if she had heard from her husband.  She hadn't and of course also 
became worried about what had happened.  About an hour later, the 
boatloads of hungry kids arrived.  It so happened that on the day of 
our trip there were a lot of large commercial vessels
and our little boats were not allowed in the locks with them and had 
to wait hours to get through.  Anyhow, the weather was nice, the 
hungry Cadets were fed, the gal I had called earlier was again 
contacted on the pay phone, and our adventure was a roaring 
success.    Love, Boppa
P.S.  This morning as I was reading my AFRICAN ODYSSEY book on the 
treadmill, I was reminded of how geniuses function in various 
cultures.  We have the likes of Steve Jobs who generates billions of $
$$ with his Ipod et al.  Steve's counterpart in the Murle culture in 
Sudan had to invent a procedure to stop the Black Kite birds from 
swooping down and stealing the Murle chickens.  He made a small ball 
out of twine and placed a smoldering ember of charcoal inside .... on 
the topside he paced a small piece of meat.  When the Kite swooped 
down to get the meat his talons hooked into the twine ball and as he 
flew off the breeze ignited the twine with the flames burning the 
feathers of the bird as he plummeted to earth.  I'm sure the Murle 
"Steve" didn't make a penny on his I-ball.
