Letter "Y"

PHi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ....  Lord, I can't change 
any of the events that happened Yesterday.  But I thank you for 
giving me control over my attitude.  Even though I can't change 
yesterday's events, I can accept them with a positive attitude.
SNIPPET Y:  Youthful Driving.  I'm not sure when I started to drive. 
I do know that I had to start working on the farm at the age of six. 
That was the summer of 1930 after completing first grade.  Every farm 
had what was called a "Field Truck".  It was an old Model T car with 
the body taken off and a flat wooden platform bolted to the chassis. 
When making a load of lettuce or cabbage to take to the market, the 
field truck would have one worker stand above an empty crate on the 
platform.  Two or three other workers would cut heads of the lettuce 
and toss them to this "packer" who would catch them and fill the 
crate.  To  maximize efficiency, the youngest worker (me) would drive 
the truck forward about twenty feet and stop.  Each bed of lettuce or 
cabbage was a half city block long and at the end of the row the 
older guy who was packing would take over the controls to turn the 
truck around and repeat the process.  Not all the lettuce and cabbage 
had the  same rate of growth, so the cutters would only harvest the 
largest heads.  Anyhow, I was probably 8 or 9 when I started driving 
the field truck.  This task, and later catching and packing, were 
probably the only farm jobs that I liked.  By the time I reached 13 
and entered High School, I had progressed to driving my Mother to go 
shopping at Sears and Roebuck's department store at 63rd and Halsted 
(about nine mile away).  The Government hadn't come up with the 
driver's license until later.  For about three of my years in the 
Army I was an Officer with a Jeep Driver so I seldom got to drive. 
Now, in my latter eighties, Donno, Deb and Kim say I drive too 
fast!  Love, Boppa

P.S.  Congratulations to Dan!  He has successfully completed his 
doctoral dissertation and graduates with his PhD in the Classics on 
June 11. 
