Letter "R"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today .....  I can't fathom your 
marvelous creation of the human body, Lord.  It is so amazing that 
when I'm blessed with a good night's sleep, the Rest and Restoration 
give my body the recuperative energy I need for another day.  Thank 
you, Lord.
SNIPPET "R":  Reduction of Staff.  I began working for Swift & 
Company on June 26, 1941 as a $15 per week messenger.  Forty-five 
years later, I took Donno's advice for an early retirement at age 
62.  During those 45 years I survived quite a few staff reductions. 
Most large corporations go through personnel "cycles".  When Sales 
and Profits are up, they hire more and more bodies to fill additional 
slots.  Then, when sales and/or profits suffer a setback, it's time 
to reduce the staff.  These cutbacks were always carried out on 
Fridays (so that the President and Vice President doing the firing 
wouldn't have to spend a miserable weekend worrying about the 
unpleasant task ahead).  The unlucky folks scheduled for firing or 
demoting would be assigned time slots 30 minutes apart for their 
"interviews".  We aptly named these days BLACK FRIDAYS.  Usually the 
person getting fired would be offered a prepaid slot at a placement 
agency where he or she could print and send out resumes.  One of my 
friends, Jim Nicol, sent out about 6,000 resumes over a period of 
several months.One Black Friday, our Vice President of Sales had to 
fire about 7 or 8 of hi staff.  Imagine his chagrin and anger when 
after that ordeal, our President called him in and fired him.  On 
another Black Friday, before his interview time, I told our Sales 
Manager that I'd like two of the paintings in his office.  When he 
came out, he said,    "The paintings are yours."  I zipped in and 
wrapped them .... they're now hanging in our garage.
Love,  Boppa

P.S.  I hit the big 87 this week and give thanks to God for so many 
blessings ..... especially the joy of having loving Grandkids and 
Great Grandkids!
