Ps.2

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 2 .....  Lord, help me 
to obey your admonition to "Serve the Lord with fear and trembling 
and to rejoice in the Lord always."
SNIPPET 2:  General George S. Patton.  In World War II my out fit, 
The Tenth Armored Division, was a part of General Patton's Third 
Army.  Patton's nickname was "Old Blood and Guts."  Every soldier 
wore a chain with two dog tags.  If a GI was killed in action his 
platoon leader (me) would detach the two dogtags, place one in his 
opened mouth between his teeth to stall the bloating and turn the 
other in to the graves registration noncom at the close of the day. 
Anyhow, Patton had such an ego that he was determined that the Third 
Army would be the first to cross the Rhine into Germany.  "Even," 
said he, "if it takes two truckloads of GI dogtags to do so!"  Our 
outfit was on the western flank of the Third Army and we made a river 
crossing over the Saar into Germany.  I can't recall if one of 
Patton's other divisions was the first across the Rhine.
After the war in Europe ended on 5/6/45, I heard Patton give the same 
"goals of our occupational army" speech twice.
Once to our 10th Armored Division and a couple of weeks later to the 
80th Division (where I was transferred to train for an assault on 
Japan's mainland).  It was odd that although the speeches were the 
same, the first time it was void of swearing and the second time 
there were curse words in just about every sentence.  A couple of 
months later Patton, his Aide and his driver were killed when their 
speeding staff car (a 1939 Chevy) smashed into a German truck while 
barreling down the Autobahn.  The truck had emerged from the forest 
where the driver had gathered dead wood to stoke the boiler on his 
steam engine.  Gasoline was nonexistent for those farmers, hence the 
conversion of farm trucks to a slow-burning, wood-stoked boiler which 
operated an inefficient steam engine.  Who could ever imagine that a 
device like that would end the life of such a swash buckling persona 
as George S. Patton at the prime age of 60 years?
Love, Boppa
