Ps.3

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 3 ....  Thank you Lord 
for your goodness and mercy.  I am not worthy of the blessings you 
shower upon me.
SNIPPET 3:  Eppinga.  Our Country celebrated its Bicentennial in 
1976.  I was an Elder in our church that year and I proposed that our 
Classis commemorate the event by having a large, combined service. 
The other churches in our Classis agreed and since I had the original 
idea, I also had to chair the committee.  Reverend Jacob Eppinga was 
well known for his weekly article called     OF CABBAGES AND KINGS in 
the Banner (a weekly publication of our Christian Reformed 
Denomination).  I contacted him and he agreed to be the keynote 
speaker at our combined service of about 3,000.  I didn't know it at 
the time, but Rev. Eppinga had a prior connection with the Rosiers. 
My Dad's nephews in the Netherlands have a couple of large Ford 
agencies.  In 1935, Anton Rosier wrote to Henry Ford and asked if he 
could spend about 3 months at the Ford factory in Dearborn, 
Michigan.  He wanted to work about a week in each phase of production 
to get firsthand knowledge of the cars he sold in the Netherlands. 
Ford agreed and Anton spent about 3 weeks with our family in 
Evergreen Park before going to Dearborn.  For his three months in 
Dearborn, he boarded with the Eppinga's.  Since Jacob Eppinga's 
father was the church janitor, I guess he could really use the extra 
income.  When Anton left to return to Holland, said Eppinga, "He left 
me a pair of his shoes, since I had to change the cardboard covering 
the holes in my pair every couple of days."  When he sent me a thank-
you note for the check I mailed him, he signed it, "From one who 
walked in your cousin's shoes, Jacob Eppinga."  One sad note, Anton 
had been in the Dutch Underground Force for all of World War II and 
was killed on May 6, 1945, the last day of the war.  Love,  Boppa

P.S.  Since yesterday was the 67th Anniversary of DDay, our newspaper 
noted that there are only 1,700.000 of we
WWII vets left out of our original 16,000,000.  That's only a ratio 
of about one out of ten and I'm happy to be part of those odds since 
I truly enjoy life and all of you guys!!  And you can bet I'll be 
even happier to "dwell in the house of the Lord forever."
