Ps.9

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 9 .... We will be 
glad, Lord, and rejoice in your wonders.  We will sing praises to 
your holy name.
SNIPPET: Donno's golfing debut.  For our 1975 Christmas celebration, 
I gave Donno a set of Ladies Golf Clubs.  She said, "Why this?  You 
know I don't golf!"  I told her it was only part of her gift.  The 
main part was a one-week GOLF SEMINAR FOR BEGINNERS at the American 
Golf Academy in Plymouth, Indiana.  In 1975 Deb was already married 
and Kim & Walt were getting ready to tie the knot.  I figured it was 
time Donno ended being a "Golf Widow" and got involved in this 
frustrating, time-consuming, yet rewarding sport.  The golf seminar 
was scheduled for late May and Donno began rounding up her friends to 
join her.  She got 5 or 6 of them to also enroll and they even went 
again the following spring with a still larger group.  At that 
time,Swift had us start about a half-hour early in the summers and 
gave us Friday afternoons off.  It became a regular routine for Donno 
and her "golfing" friends.  We'd make reservations each week at 
different golf courses and about four of we couples would tee off and 
go out for dinner afterward.  I thought it was such a great schedule 
that a few years later when Swift dropped those Summer hours, I kept 
it up.  My bosses appreciated that I always reported to work about an 
hour or two early, so they overlooked my transgression.  It really 
bugged our President's executive secretary who would always tell him 
about my leaving.  He'd say, "Just forget it, Myrtle."  Donno became 
a very consistent, talented golfer who could usually beat me on the 
short holes and we had fun for years and years.  Love, Boppa

P.S.  When I was a kid, I learned this verse:  "A wonderful bird is a 
pelican, his bill can hold more than his belly can!"
The reason I bring this up is that each of 4 days a week for my 20 
minutes on the tread mill, I read a book.  Currently I am reading an 
autobiography called "Drinking the Wind" (by Len Arensen, a 
missionary in Sudan).  Today I read about white pelicans that built 
their nests atop tall trees in Sudan.  They rely on fish to feed 
themselves and their babies and since there isn't a body of water 
less than 50 miles away, they make the 100 mile roundtrip each day 
for sustenance. I'm about 2/7ths pelican .... I ask Donno to make 
fish twice a week.  But, no way would I travel 100 miles
even if it's the best lake perch in the world!
