JULY PICNICS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 74:
"Thank you Lord for your faithfulness.  It was you, Lord, who set the boundaries of the earth, you made both summer and winter."

When we were kids in the 1930's, the annual Church Picnic was the absolutely biggest event of the summer.  If it happened to rain on Picnic Day, we'd be devastated.  Dick Sluis was always the Chairman of the Picnic Committee, and on the day of the picnic, he'd haul a bunch of materiel on his truck to the Grove.  On each side of that stuff, he'd construct some benches out of 2" by 10"s for some lucky kids to ride out to the picnic (that was a real bonus to ride on that truck}.  Most of the adults in our First Evergreen Church at that time owned or worked on farms.  It seems incredible now, but these men had no leisure clothes.  Maybe it was because of the Great Depression, but their wardrobe consisted of Overalls and a Sunday suit.  Besides the mandatory horseshoe pitching contests, there would be a softball game of the Single vs the Married Men.  Mr. Riemersma owned an 8mm movie camera (the precursor of today's Smartphone) and he'd take movies of the event.  Years later at our Church's anniversary programs we'd show these films and be amused to see the softball game played in white shirts and Sunday trousers (with the anxious  wives and mothers standing on the sidelines hoping their spouses or sons had the sense not to slide into third base!) Mr. Riemersma's movies also included the picnic table dining event.  Most families at that time had 5 to 7 kids and it was incredible to see the spreads of food that the Mothers put out!

Another big day in July was the Fourth, Independence Day.  A real treat was an ice-cream cone at John Pace's gas station.  This pre-refrigerator era didn't allow buying a half-gallon of ice-cream  and putting it n the freezer, so we really loved the holiday ice-cream cones!  At night, the Evergreen Park Fire Department would put on a Fireworks Show.  On one occasion it started to rain and some of the fireworks failed to go off.  The next morning, the Vander Weit brothers went to the site to see if they could find any duds.  Unfortunately, they did and it blew the hand off of one of the kids.  The summer days were usually long and hot since we kids had to work on the farm each day from the time we finished first grade.  I guess that's what made those picnics and holidays so incredibly welcome.
Love,  BOPPA JOHN
