CHRISTMAS NUMBER EIGHTY-NINE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 89:
"Lord, you are our glory and strength, indeed our whole being belongs to you. Thank you Lord for your faithfulness."

During my  20th, 21st, and 22nd Christmas celebrations, I'd be hearing songs like this on the radio,  "I'll be home for Christmas, You can count on me, I'll be home for Christmas,
If only in my dreams."  Plus other tearjerkers like, "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas."  Or, "Going to take a sentimental journey".  Actually, being away in the army on Christmas
was a lot harder on the folks back home than on we GI's.  The Outfits we were in became our families, and nobody got a Christmas furlough, so we just accepted that routine as
a way of life.  Growing up on a farm during the depression may have realistically been pretty grim.  But it wasn't for me.  I didn't know we were poor ... I was just thrilled to get my $1.00 Gilbert's Erector Set from the Sears and Roebuck Catalogue.  In looking back from my current "Years of Plenty", I give thanks to God for His faithfulness in making blessings out of hardships.  Jean and I were married on 11/5/48 and I celebrated my 24th Christmas (Jean's 21st) just 5 weeks after returning from our honeymoon.  We were still trying to
make livable that $15 per week, half of a plywood home we shared with our landlady.  I can't remember if we even had a Christmas tree, but I doubt it.  I remember my 42nd Christmas very clearly.  Con and Betty Douma had purchased and operated the Island Resort, a motel on an island on the Yellowstone River in Montana.  Most of our Looney family piled on a train for a 24-hour trip to Livingston, Montana, where we spent our Christmas vacation with the Douma's.  My 52nd Christmas was a very happy occasion!  Kim, Jean and I  drove to OHare Airport to pick up our first grandchild, two-week old Adam and his parents when their flight from Connecticut landed.  Grandchildren and Great-Grandchildren are the most wonderful Christmas gifts one can receive.  I'm looking forward to my 89th Christmas in a couple of weeks.  One of my wonderful gifts is the assurance that Jean is spending her first Christmas in Heaven with her Mom and Dad, John and Phyl, Betty, plus Liz and Earl and Becky's Tom.  I can't imagine the wonders of that celebration but a line from an old gospel hymn keeps repeating in my aging head, "Oh that will be, glory for me!".      Love, Boppa John 

P.S.  I've been blessed with the ability to sleep soundly.  I particularly like sleeping in the winter with the window opened just about 2 inches.  I have fleece sheets, two regular blankets, a down comforter and an afghan.  Usually, when I leap out of bed at around 7:00 AM, the thermometer in my bedroom reads about 42 to 45 degrees.  Today, it read
just 36 degrees, but I slept snuggly in my fleece cocoon.  I feel sorry for those homeless guys and women who sleep in cardboard boxes under viaducts.
