THE BAGPIPER

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 86:
"We will praise you, O Lord our God, with all our hearts.  We will glorify your name forever."

Some of you may recall the Honor Flight I was privileged to take with 81 other World War II vets four years ago.  When our plane land at Midway Airport about 9:30 PM, I was in one of the first groups to deplane.  It was such an emotional experience to have over 1,500 people greeting us, shaking our hands and thanking us for serving in a war that had ended 65 years ago!  We followed a group of eight bagpipers in an aisle through that crowd of well-wishers and I was weeping like a baby.  As I look back, I think that my emotions were magnified by those loud mournful strains from those bagpipers (who never stopped playing for our long 20-minute hike through that crowd).  I was reminded of that music recently when I heard this story from a guy in Louisville:  "As a bagpiper, I played many different gigs.  One day I was asked by a Funeral Director to play at the graveside service for this homeless fellow.  Since he had no family or friends, the service was to be at a pauper's cemetery in the backwoods of Kentucky.  I wasn't familiar with Kentucky's back country roads and I got lost.  Finally I arrived, about an hour late and the funeral guy must have left because there was no hearse in sight.  There were only the diggers, and they were having lunch.  I felt bad and I apologized to the men for being so late.  I went to the grave site, looked down and noticed they had all ready put the cement vault cover on.  I didn't know what else to do, so I got out my bagpipes and started to play.  The workers set down their lunches and gathered around.  I played out my heart and soul for this poor homeless man with no family and friends.  I played like I had never played before.  As I played "Amazing Grace" the workers began to weep.  I wept,
they wept, we all wept together.  When I finished, I gathered up my stuff and headed for my car.  My heart was full and my head hung low.  As I got into my car, I heard one of the workers say, "I never seen nothing like that before, and I've been putting in these septic tanks for over twenty years."
Love, BOPPA JOHN
