CARD CRACKING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Who. O Lord, can forget the wonders you perform?  Your deeds of mercy and grace are truly awesome!"

Both Jean and I have long existing roots to Chicago's Southside.  When my Dad emigrated to the U.S.A. in 1906, his first job was at The Weber Wagonworks.  This plant was located at 119th and Halsted and later became International Harvester.  Jean worked their as a secretary from the time she graduated from High School until she became pregnant with Deb.  When my Dad and Mom were married in 1908, they rented a large farmhouse at 79th and Carpenter.  A few years later, the Chicago Public School System decided to build a large, U-shaped, two-story High School just a few blocks away.  To excavate this large foundation, the Contractor hired my Dad and a bunch of other farmers
with horses and large scoops.  The School was named Calumet, and in 1937 I enrolled their for my four-year tenure.  These are some of the "Southside Roots" that get us honked off that a scam called CARD CRACKING originated six years ago on our turf.  Here's how it works.  The Card Cracker convinces People with Debit Cards to let them borrow their cards and PIN number.  Then, they deposit either stolen or counterfeit checks into the account.  Before the bank can verify that these checks are bogus, the cardholder makes a withdrawal in cash ... like investing $4,000 and then withdrawing $3,750.  For their trouble, the legitimate cardholder usually gets a cut of 10% to 25%.  About 20 seniors at
Morgan Park High School (where a couple of Jim Wolff's uncles graduated) were the first to be involved in this scam in 2007.  None of the students were prosecuted, but their parents were on the hook for the bank losses,  Nowadays, the scam has spread to New York, Seattle, and many other cities.  It's a multimillion dollar problem affecting the banking industry.  Although its victims are mostly students, there are more and more unemployed victims recruited on the internet, especially during the Christmas shopping season.
Love,  Boppa John

P.S.  There's plenty of icy patches around to fall on ... but, last night Daughter Kim tripped over a footstool in her living room and broke her hip.  She went by ambulance to the Emergency Room at Palos Hospital where exrays confirmed that her hip was indeed broken.  Today she'll consult with an Orthopedic Doctor to work out a plan for surgery.  Please pray for Kim and the Operating Team.  Thanks.
