THE GREAT WALL

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 92:
"Father, we proclaim your love in the morning and your faithfulness at night, to the music of the ten stringed Lyre and the melody of the Harp."    ( I've always wondered if their was as much controversy of drums, harps, etc. in the days of King David as there is in the 21st century church)

I wrote a previous snippet on our bible smuggling escapade into China in 1987.  Ever since that year, I've always wanted to tour China and experience the Great Wall ... finally got to do so in 2.006.  The first segments of the wall were built as early as the 7th Century B.C.  Especially famous is the portion built by China's first Emperor between
220-206 B.C.  Those earlier constructions were made of mud and stone and were very crude.  We toured a segment built by the Ming Dynasty in the 1500's A.D. and it was an amazing construction.  It was all brick, averaged about 22 feet wide and 20 feet high (with a roadway on top and thousands of lookout towers plus quarters for the soldiers who kept guard up there 24/7).  An archeological survey found that the entire wall with all its branches measures out to 13,171 miles.  Since most of it is constructed to follow the ridge of the mountain ranges, it was extremely difficult and dangerous to build.  Historians estimate that well over 100,000 laborers lost their lives on the project.  Every May, for the past ten years, a marathon is run on the Great Wall.  The record time is 3 hrs, 18 min and 48 seconds.  Bobo's daughter Casey would like to do a marathon in all of the 50 states.  Maybe she could "trade" a few states for the China
wall (but I don't know how one practices for that, the brick runways are a little treacherous and there are thousands of up and down steps).  I really liked touring China, but it makes me feel morose when I think of the millions and millions of these unfortunate people  who go to their graves without ever hearing of God's plan of salvation.
Love,  BOPPA JOHN
P.S.  Jean is transferring to Manor Care sometime on Thursday. I'll give you an update on Thursday night.  JR
