3 DUMB BOO-BOOS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 81:
"Father, we praise your name, for in our distress we called to you and you answered our prayers."

I've made a lot of boo-boos in my day...here  are a few I just recalled:
Boo-boo # 1...About 25 years ago, when Jean's Mother was in her 90's, we'd bring supper and dine with her at least once each week.  She had a huge tree at the back of her lot with a large branch that menaced her windows.  So, one evening I brought my hand tree saw and decided to saw that big branch down after supper.  I had to stand on the very top of the step ladder (mistake #1) and then start sawing away.  I wrapped my right arm over this 6" diameter branch and sawed with my left arm.  When I got about half way through , the branch started cracking.  I threw the saw down and hung on with my right arm as that part of the branch went up about a foot (with the weight of what I had cut off now gone).  I guessed that our April showers had softened the lawn enough that I could let go.  I had forgotten about the fallen ladder and my left heel smashed into the ladder and shattered in about 10 to 15 pieces.  It took about five months to heal and still hurts when we have a change in weather.

Boo-boo # 2... Jean, her sister June and I used to golf nine holes every Tuesday morning from early Spring to late Autumn.  A few months after my mishap. when my leg was still in the cast, I wanted to join them so I said I'd drive the golf cart and the girls could alternate riding and walking every three holes.  On one switchover, Jean was riding and she yelled, "Slow down, you're going way too fast!".  Just then I saw her ball and swung the cart to avoid hitting it.  Jean was thrown out and did a few cartwheels before landing in a heap.  She couldn't stand on her leg so we took off for my Orthopedic Doctor's office. He immediately took Xrays which revealed that the lower part of her right leg had several fractures.  Now we wound up each on crutches for weeks and weeks.  Not a good situation.  Although I have since forgotten it, she has not.

Boo-boo #3...Walt's Supermarkets sponsor a golf tournament  each summer.  One year I had tickets for a Foursome
so Jean and I picked up Paul and Evelyn Grosskopf and headed for Green Gardens Golf Club.  We had to check in at the bag drop off where a couple of young guys took our clubs and loaded them on carts.  While I was getting the cart numbers plus the hole specified for our tee off, Jean, Evelyn and Paul headed for the Clubhouse for a coffee and sweet roll.  I joined them shortly thereafter and then we headed out to our carts.  It was an extremely hot day and the girls were moaning about the heat,  After nine holes, we stopped in at the Clubhouse again for lunch.  After lunch we teed off on the tenth hole.  When we finished that, the girls both said they had enough of the heat and were going to quit.  So, we all decided to quit.  We were commenting on how hot the inside of our car was going to be. Guess what!  It was freezing in our car.  I had forgotten to turn the car off and move it to the parking lot.  None of the caddies wanted to get in trouble shutting off the engine (which had been running for well over 3 hours.)  I guess that proves that golf is a very distracting hobby.          Love,  BOPPA JOHN  
