MAY 8 ... V.E. DAY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 44:
"Rise up , Lord. and help us in our time of trouble.  Redeem us because of your unfailing love."

I imagine only World War II veterans can remember how VE Day (Victory in Europe) was celebrated 68 years ago.  It was such a big deal then because the German Army finally surrendered and the war in Europe had come to an end.  My outfit wound up the war in the Bavarian Alps, about 5 or 6 miles from Austria.  Eleven months earlier the Allies had made the largest amphibious landing ever on the shores of Normandy on D Day, June 6. 1944.  Over 6,000 young American G.I. s gave up their lives just in that one 24 hour period of D Day.  Jean and I were touring Europe in 1978 and since we were within driving distance of Omaha Beach on 6/6/78, we went to visit the cemetery there.  It was a pretty emotional moment when we stopped and prayed at one of the 307 crosses with the inscription. "Here rests a Comrade in Ams, known but to God."  All together, there were over 9,000  buried in just that one cemetery.  Shortly after the war in Europe ended, my outfit was broken up and many of us were transferred to the 81st Infantry Division to train for a landing on the shores of Japan.  U.S. Intelligence predicted that casualties there would far exceed those of D Day.  How's that for a "good news" item?  By the grace of God you survive the war in Europe only to lose your life on some Japanese beachhead.  We Infantry guys were so overjoyed to hear that President Truman decided to drop the Atomic Bombs on Japan and force them to surrender on August 15, 1945.  When Jean and I  were visiting Japan in 1987, we stopped in Hiroshima.  The city had been completely  rebuilt except for the wreckage of their 1944 City Hall.  This was kept as a shrine.  Some of our fellow tourists were bemoaning what a terrible thing it was to drop the A Bomb.  Not me.  I offered a prayer of thanksgiving that I was viewing all this as a tourist and not lying under a white cross in some Veteran's cemetery.  Love, BOPPA JOHN
