POMPEII

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 88:
"O Lord my God. I will sing of your love forever; with my mouth I will make your faithfulness known through all generations."

In October, 1990, Jean and I took a tour of Italy with Phyl & John Groot.  One of the interesting sites we explored was the City of Pompeii.  On the afternoon of August 24, 79 A.D. Mount Vesuvius erupted and buried this city of 20,000 inhabitants.  Scientists claim that most were killed instantly by the intense heat.  Surges of heat exceeding 450o F. were carried for a range of 6 to 7 miles by this cataclysmic event.  The city was completely buried by lightweight volcanic ash.  After a while the city of Pompeii was pretty much forgotten until 1748 when it was discovered by an Italian Peasant digging a deep well.  Archeologists began digging and discovered that everything was so well preserved at an "exact moment" in time.  Now, almost 2,000 years later we have the most precise knowledge of how a
roman city looked and how its inhabitants lived.  It has two theaters, an amphitheater public baths and Caesar's Arch.
The narrow streets still have ruts in the stone pavement worn by chariot wheels.  Most of the buildings occupied by the 79 A.D. "rich and famous" have beautiful and colorful tiled frescoes.  In Joshua 2 we read of two Israelis sent to spy out Jericho, that they "came to a harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there".  The harlot profession flourished over the years so that by 79 A.D. when Vesuvius erupted, the local Pompeii brothel had developed sophisticated marketing techniques.  Since "time is money" it behooved the local harlots to save time in communicating with visiting sailors who couldn't speak Latin.  Hence the four frescoes on the wall that a customer could quickly indicate his consumer preference as to position.  On the other extreme, Italy had many beautiful sights, such as Michaelangelo's
beautiful fresco on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel (which took him 4 years to paint ... laying on his back in a suspended rowboat).    Love,  BOPPA JOHN
P.S.  On Sunday afternoon, our TV predicted that the path of a tornado would reach Tinley Park at 2:23 and Worth by 2:27.  Since that prediction put my location (between Tinley and Worth) right in the path, I grabbed my battery operated lantern and transistor radio and made a beeline for our crawl  space.  Fortunately, it didn't touch down and we just experienced strong winds and a violent downpour.  Ever since that tornado we had in April 1967, I take all of these warnings seriously,  I can remember getting of my commuter train at about 5:00 PM and the sky was a strange green color.  As that tornado ripped through Oak Lawn, it just blew brick houses to shreds and killed 33 people.  
