HEZEKIA'S TUNNEL

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 33:
"Lord, your eyes are on those who fear you and on those whose hope is in your unfailing love." 

SNIPPET:  Our son-in-law, Barry Bandstra, is the Old Testament Professor at Hope College.  Back in the 1980's he guided many Interim students on a study trip to Israel and Jordan.  Several of we older adults asked him to lead a special tour for us.  He did so in June 1988.  I checked my photo album and was amazed that the two week tour covered airfare, lodging, and three meals daily for a total cost of only $1,450 per person!  One of the events we had was a day-long exploration of Hezekiah's Tunnel.  This involved  our hiking for almost 1/2 mile with cold, running water that would vary from a depth of six inches deep up to two feet.  We each carried a flashlight and had our gym shoes on since the rocks we walked on were pretty slippery.  It's a good thing Jean and I were in our early 60's or we wouldn't have been able to physically handle that trek.  Some of our group with claustrophobia skipped the hikeAnyhow, here's why the tunnel was built.  During the period 700 years before Christ was born, the Assyrians threatened to make war with Jerusalem.  Back then, one of the tactics of such a war involved surrounding and laying siege to a walled city.  Some sieges lasted as long as three years and it was critical to have plenty of fresh water.    So King Hezekiah decided to construct a tunnel from the Gihon Spring almost 1/2 mile away to the Siloam pool which was inside the walls of the city.  Because he wasn't too sure when the Assyrians would launch the attack, Hezekiah decide that they should use two crews, one starting at the Gihon Spring and the other from the Siloam pool.  The crew starting at the spring had an advantage in that they could pour out some water to make sure their slope was downhill.  But, can you imagine the difficulty of meeting the "pool" crew without the modern electronic equipment we have today?  Archeologists have been trying to figure that out for hundreds of years.  I don't think it's too difficult to figure out ... II Chronicles reveals that Hezekiah was a "devoted servant of Jehovah."  And, we can attest to the fact that Hezekiah's God was, is, and will continue to be an Awesome God.    Love,  Boppa John  
