EMINENT DOMAIN (Communist Style)

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 102:

" Lord, We pray that these Psalms from thousands of years ago may be read also by future generations, that a people not yet born may praise your name."

There was an article in last week's newspaper stating that at least 64 million Chinese households had their land seized and their homes demolished during the last ten years.  That article reminded me of the Yangtze River Cruise that we took in 2,006.  Our cruise ended at the Three-Gorge dam, the largest dam in the world.  It is 61 stories tall and 1.3 miles in length.  The dam's huge turbines generate electricity equal to that of eighteen Nuclear Power Plants.  Of course, in order to build this large 15 billion dollar dam across the Yangtze River, millions of small farms and villages along the river ere permanently submerged.  The Communist Government simply told these poor folks that they had to get out.    Regardless of how large a farm, the owner was given the equivalent of $5,000 U.S.  Each day on  our cruise the ship would anchor and all of we passengers would board about 6 or 7 busses which would take us to some point of interest.  One day was set aside to visit a newly built village of some of these displaced Chinese farmers.
It was a very hot day and there were 205 steps to climb to get to our busses, so Jean opted to stay on the ship and finish reading her novel.  To house these displaced people, the Communist Government had built 8 or 9 villages consisting of seven-story cinder block buildings .  Of course, there were no elevators or air conditioners.  A lot of the older folks who lived on the upper floors would have to stay in their apartments, sometimes for weeks at a time.  The Inhabitants of the apartments that our busload visited, had some instruments and played them along with some folk dances ... after which they'd offer some home-crafted items for sale.  If these displaced persons lived in the U.S.A. you can bet we'd hear some stories of woe and horror.  But we heard none.  Anyone who complained, I'm sure, would soon be trading in their apartment for a jail cell.  According to this new article I read, the Communist bigwigs in local State and City governments are cashing in on an Urbanization Process.  They are seizing small farms which surround the larger cities and redeveloping the land into low-income housing.  By today's standards, the $5000 received by farmers along the Yangtze River was much higher than these displaced persons receive.  This population shift brings more workers to factories to produce all those Made in China items we buy.  And, think of the culture shock for some young gal or guy, brought up on a farm, who suddenly gets thrown into seven 12-hour days per week in some dusty factory where he or she earns $122 per month (with one day a month off).  And, to think that I sometimes complain about my escalating property taxes.  SHAME ON ME!            Love, Boppa John
P.S.  In just 45 minutes from now, it will be 2014.  I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you a HAPPY NEW YEAR!
