A Story Without an End

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from one of my favorite verses in Psalm 23:

"Lord, we thank you for your promise that Goodness and Mercy will follow us all the days of our lives and we will dwell
in the house of the Lord forever."

Today I'm celebrating a 65th Anniversary.  Jean and I were married on November 5, 1948.  I can remember that day like it was yesterday.  It was raining so hard that Jean and her Bridesmaids went to the church early to don their wedding garb.  I drove that afternoon to the Del Prado Hotel on the outer drive and checked our two suitcases in to the honeymoon suite.  My brother George drove me (in my rented tuxedo) to the Third Christian Reformed Church in Roseland.  Having driven that route many times, I knew there were 18 railroads to cross.  As it happened, we had to wait for two slow freight trains.  The Bridal Party, especially Jean, were getting pretty tense.  The organ was playing and the Groom was nowhere in sight.  Finally, we arrived, about five minutes late and the wedding was a GO.  Jean and I left the next morning for a two-week honeymoon tour of Colorado.  Our friends, Bob and Tootie Drenth were married on November 15, 1947.  In the ensuing years, we always celebrated our anniversaries together.  The rule for each celebration was always the same ... the girls never knew where we were going and we'd dine at some expensive restaurant and then go to a Play or a Musical.  One year we surprised the girls by secretly packing their bags and going to the Wagon Wheel Resort in northern Illinois for a three-day weekend.  Daughter Kim gave me a list of the makeup items that Jean used and I went to Marshall Fields to buy them.  Wow!  I never knew Makeup was so expensive.  Anyhow, in looking back, I can truly testify that Goodness and Mercy followed us for those 65 happy years.
The Nurses at Palos Hospice were so good for Jean in her last four weeks.  They contacted me last week and asked if I wanted a visit since the Holiday Season is usually an extra-stressful time.  I thanked them for their concern but told them that with Jean in Heaven, I'm perfectly at peace and plan to have  good  "Holiday Times" with my family and friends.  Jean went to "Dwell in the house of the Lord forever" at 10:00 PM on Tuesday, September 3.  Only the Lord knows when I'll join her, but by His Grace, I'll be ready.  And, I thank Him for sparing me in World War II and giving me the 65-year journey with Jean that I'm celebrating today.  Ever since Aesop wrote his fables at about 600 B.C. writers have labored to conclude their tales with a dynamic ending.  I have a hard time wrapping my brain around "Forever."
But, I do know that there's no ending in forever, and it's a real blessing to have a role in "The Story Without an End."
Love,  Boppa John  
