FLAT TIRE

Dear Family,  My prayer for today comes from Psalm 55:
"We call to you, O God, and you save us.  Evening, morning and noon we cry out in distress and you
hear our voices."

Nowadays one rarely sees a car pulled over on the shoulder and the occupants changing a flat tire.  Not so in the 50's and 60's.  One day in the early 60's, Jean, Edna Huisenga and my sister Wynn were driving home from Lansing, IL  where they volunteered each week correcting correspondence courses for the Bible League.  It was a hot summer day and suddenly Jean felt the rear left tire going flat.  She was on the Calumet Expressway so she pulled over to the shoulder as the other traffic sped by.  They all got out of the car and Edna found the lug wrench and tried to loosen the lugs.  They were on too tight and she couldn't budge them.  Fortunately, a State Trooper came up a few minutes later and helped them.  When he took the spare tire out of the car's trunk, guess what, it too was flat.    Fortunately for me, cell phones weren't invented yet so I didn't hear about my "outrageous negligence" until after I got home from the office and Jean had time to cool down somewhat.  At any rate, the Trooper said he'd take Jean and the flat spare to a gas station in the Ghetto to get it fixed.  On the way to the gas station, the Trooper got a call to assist in a "robbery in progress".  When he turned on his siren and started to respond, Jean said, "For goodness sakes, I don't want to catch some stray bullet from a robbery!!"  The Trooper agreed and called in that he first had to drop off his passenger and her flat tire at the gas station.  About a half hour later, Wynn and Edna spotted Jean coming back in a beatup old truck.  Wynn told me later that she'd never forget it ... "Here comes Jean in this old truck sitting between two Afro Americans!"  (Bettianne and Ellie are laughing at this point, because they know their Mom never had "Afro American" in her vocabulary.)  These repairmen put the fixed spare on and the girls made it home in fine fashion. 

I don't have a smart phone, but I do have a SMART computer.  There are still some things I haven't mastered on this MacAir.  I didn't think the "Flat Tire" snippet got sent, so I emailed "HEZEKIAH'S TUNNEL".  I'll try to be more careful next week.  Love, BOPPA JOHN
