The Messenger Department

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 77:
"Your ways are holy, O God, there is no god as great as you.  Thank you Lord for your unfailing love to we lost sinners."

SNIPPET:  On June 26, 1941, I put in the first day of my 45 year career at Swift & Company.  That night I joined about 1,000 of my classmates at Calumet to receive my High School diploma.  We didn't march across the stage since our class was so large.  I was hired to work in the Messenger Department for $15 per week.  The only payroll deduction I had was $0.15 to cover my Social Security (which had just been adopted six years prior to my hiring).  At that time, Mr. John Holmes, was the president of Swift.  He, too, had started in the Messenger Dept. (so the sky was the limit)  I was a messenger for about 4 months and then I got promoted, with a raise to $17 weekly as the Office Boy for our Controller .  I enjoyed my days as a messenger.  Two days of each week had to take the elevated train to Chicago's northern limits, and then hop a Northwestern train to Libertyville, IL.  There I met a Swift Salesman and picked up his orders for filling by our plant.  On the way home I met another Salesman in Evanston to pick up his orders.  The good part is that this gig took place during the summer months and I had a two-hour wait for the guy from Evanston.  Since the beach was only two blocks away, I'd always take my swim suit and enjoy the water.  One of my other regular runs, was to pick up a covered one-gallon can of pig's eyeballs and deliver them to the Med School at the University of Chicago.  The rest of my time was spent running errands for mid-management employees.  This could be anything from picking up film at a photo shop, picking up a golf club from a sports store, et al.  I'll never forget the trick one of my fellow messengers pulled on our boss.  He was sent downtown to pick up a folding, canvas Kayak.  Before reporting in, he took the kayak out of it's box, popped it up to it's 8 foot size and carried it over his head.  When he stood in  the hall outside of our messenger office, he started yelling, "Mr, Dittman!!  Don't ever send me to get another one of these *^##* canoes again!!"  All of us who were in the office came out and had a good laugh.  I would arrive at the office early and work for about an hour in our cloak room, checking in employee''s hats and coats.
Each morning I'd get paid for that via a ticket for our cafeteria's $0.25 plate lunch.  The plate contained that day's main meat or fish entree,veggies, salad,and a choice of coffee, milk or pop.  Streetcar fares were 3 cents for school kids and 7 cents for adults.  AND, our country wasn't billions of dollars in debt.  Love, Boppa John
