WAITING ROOM REFLECTIONS

Dear Family.  My prayer today comes from Isaiah 46:

'Lord, we cling to the promise in your word,,,"Even in your old age and gray hairs I am He, I am He who will sustain you.  I have made you and I will carry you; I will sustain you
and I will rescue you."

In Psalm 90, we read: "The days of our years are threescore years and ten;  and if by reason of strength they are fourscore years..."  I'm just about three months away from reaching ten years beyond that "fourscore."  I think you would agree that I am definitely in God's Waiting Room.  I don't know if I would even have thought about these things 20 or 30 years ago, but here are a few reflections I have now:
1)  Last month, The National Academy of Science reported on a study of data gathered by NASA's Kepler Space Telescope.  Just in our Milky Way Galaxy alone, the scientists estimate there are approximately eleven billion Earth-size planets.  These planets orbit stars just like our sun.  I reflect, with thanks, that out of His vast creation, God chose our planet to create the human race and implement His plan of salvation.
2)  The Earth's population doubles about every twenty years.  When I was born in 1924, the populations was a little below two billion.  I reflect, with thanks, the blessing of being part of a family that was established in Europe and migrated to the U.S.A.  Out of two billion people, I could just as well have been mired in Cambodia, Egypt, or some Third World Country who's people never even heard of Jesus Christ.
3)  I entered the Army in February 1943 and I was discharged in July 1946.  During those 3 1/2 years, I served  in Antiaircraft Artillery  and Infantry Outfits.  After our war in Europe ended on 5/6/45, we Infantry guys began training for a beach-head assault on Japan.  Good old Harry Truman ended that by dropping two atomic bombs.    I look back on those years as a good, character-building episode of my life.  And, I reflect, with thanks, that God spared me.  There were 292,000 U.S. Military killed (including many of my buddies in the 61st Armored Infantry Battalion}.
The Holiday  Season is a good time for all of us to reflect on God's many blessings.  I'm at peace waiting. And, by God's grace, I'm looking forward to some Angel opening the waiting room door and saying, "You're next, Mr. Rosier."                                      Love, Boppa John
