SHOWERS

DEAR FAMILY,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 56:
"Lord we praise you, for you have delivered our souls from death and our feet from stumbling."

SNIPPET:  There are April Showers, Thunder Showers, Bridal Showers, et al.  But I'd like to tell you about Body Showers.  When I was a gradeschooler we didn't have showers.  Every Saturday night ,  we'd heat kettles of water on either our Kerosine Stove or the coal burning one in our kitchen.  My Mom & Dad's bedroom was next to the kitchen so we'd pour hot water into a large galvanized tub in their bedroom.  Armed with a washcloth, soap and a towel we'd do our best to scrub that week's dirt off our shivering bodies.  There weren't any washing machines so we had to wear the same underclothes and "much darned" socks all week.  When I entered High School, my Dad sold his 10-acre farm to a Realtor.  It so happened that our farmhouse was located in the middle of Ridgeway Avenue so it had to be raised and turned 180 degrees to face the street.  In this renovating process, we at last got an indoor bathroom with a shower.  Things were a little better in the summers.  My innovative  brother, Marty, built a 4' X 4' stall next to our garage and mounted a huge, old oil drum on the roof.  Each morning he'd fill this with water and the summer sun would heat the water.  We had to be very sparing in our water usage, but it was a huge improvement from that galvanized tub.  Plus, my boyhood cleaning habits stood me in good stead for my months of combat.  There we did get clean socks every morning to keep from getting "Trench Foot."  And, about every three weeks we'd get hauled to a large tent with about 25 showers in it.  After the wonderful ten minutes in a hot shower, we'd be issued clean uniforms and return to our  occupation of getting shot at.  In my grammar school days we used to sing, "There will be showers of blessing, sent by the Father above ..."  I may have  been deprived of body showers in my youth and my months of combat, but believe me I've had 89 years of blessings!      Love, BOPPA JOHN 
P.S.  THE IDES OF MARCH:  Aunt Dorothy died last year on March 9.  Fourteen years ago this week, I passed out at about midnight.  Jean called 911 and the ambulance took me to Christ Hospital with blaring sirens.  The ER people discovered that I had a duodenal ulcer and had lost 7 pints  (that's half) of my blood.  My heart was like a sump pump running without water.  Turned out that I had to spend 10 days in Intensive Care until my blood got back to normal and then Dr. Pappas did a triple bypass. I'm glad God spared me because I appreciate every day of these last 14 years 
