RAMADAN

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 119:
"Forever. O Lord, your word stands firm in heaven.  Your faithfulness extends to every generation, like the earth you created;  it endures by your decree, for everything serves your plans."

Yesterday was the Muslim's first day of Ramadan.  During Ramadan, Muslims are required to abstain from food, drink, and tobacco from sunup to sundown.  Ramadan begins in the ninth month of the Islamic lunar calendar  and the abstinence of eating and drinking are particularly tough when it takes place in the long days of summer.  Prior to computers and smart phones, the imam would hold a white thread and a black thread at arm's length before dawn.  When he could distinguish between black and white, the day began and he'd bellow out his first call to prayer for the day.  At dusk, when he could no longer distinguish between the to threads, he'd call out the last of the five prayers for the day.  In deference to a sleeping population in our country, Imams are not permitted to bellow out these calls fromtheir minuet tower as they do in countries where the majority of the population worship Islam.  Daughter Kim walked about three miles most mornings for the last ten years with her neighbor Hannah (who has now moved away}.  Hannah never wanted to walk along busy roads such as Harlem since uncouth drivers would sometime roll down their windows and yell, "Hey there you rag head!"  Kim would shout, "Be quiet, you redneck!"  During their morning hikes, they often discussed Religion, such as which son was Abraham asked to sacrifice, Ishmael or Isaac?  When Jean or I  would get sick, Hannah and her husband prayed to Allah to heal us.  Unlike the Protestant and Roman Catholic denominations in Chicago, the Muslim community is really growing.  Forty years ago there were only three mosques in greater Chicagoland; now there are over one hundred!  Also Muslim men are getting more active in politics.  As an example, 38-year old Amer Ahmad is the Comptroller of Chicago, the 3rd largest city in the U.S.  What is unique is that while Sunnis and Shiites are killing each other in their home countries, they worship in the same masques in Chicago.
When we toured Morocco in 2002, our guide Mohammed took us to visit the largest masque there.  The Imam was bellowing out the midday call to prayer and I asked Mohammed how come he didn't have to pray,  He said Islam gives special dispensation for occupations.  That's like our family doctor in Palos, Nooran Khan, he's allowed to eat and drink during Ramadan because of his medical duties.  One of the glaring differences between our religion and Islam
is that they believe they are "earning" their salvation.  As an example, their doctrine advises that "Any good deed you do during Ramadan gets a reward 70 times as in another month."  We are so blessed that God placed us in a land where we can sing, "Amazing Grace how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me!"  Love. Boppa John
