PESKY FLIES vs HELPFUL CORAL

Dear Family, My prayer today comes from Psalm 41:

"We continuously pray, O Lord, have mercy on us and heal us.  We confess, Lord, that our sins against you are many"

I read an article this week on "speedy reactions".  The outright winner is the common, pesky housefly.  Scientists coaxed flies thru a tube that opened onto a tiny platform.  Over this stage, a disc loomed, ready to flatten the fly from various directions.  A high speed camera filmed the insect's reactions to the impending attack.  After running hundreds of flies thru this setup, they found that the fly can position itself and take off in less than 3/10th of a second!  This amazingly quick reaction came whether the swat was coming from the front, back, left or right side.  Jean always got a large laugh out of my ineptitude in killing a fly.  I wish God permitted emails to her heavenly home.  I'd surely love to forward that article.  I also read an article on "coral" which reminded me of the time Jean fell in Monterrey, Mexico    (about 20 years ago).  When we finally got her to Christ Hospital, our Orthopedic Doctor said he was going to try a new procedure by packing the shattered femur with coral of the sea.  He couldn't guarantee success, but said the Japanese Medics had good results using coral.  I didn't know until I just read the article last week that coral secretes
calcium carbonate to form a hard skeleton.  The operation was very successful.  Jean never had any pain in that femur or a limp during the years that followed.  Coral is also a compact marine animal that can endure blistering UV rays without negative health effects.  So now Scientists are copying coral.s genetic code and inserting it into bacteria in the lab.  With this procedure, they have manufactured large quantities of amino acids with magical sun-blocking powers..  The Drug Companies hope to replace those greasy sun screen lotions with a long-lasting sunscreen pill by the summer of 2016.    The last amazing thing is that both the speedy fly and the immobile coral are part of the animal kingdom which God created  on the sixth day thousands of years ago.  And, in the 21st century He still allows our Scientists to discover something new each year .    Love, Boppa John    
