EXPENSIVE LUNCHES

Dear Family,  My prayer for today comes from Psalm 105:
"Lord we thank you for your faithfulness in giving us grace to face each day."

A couple of days ago there was a picture in the newspaper of our Chicago Mayor, Rahm Emmanuel, making a presentation at a luncheon at the City Club.  It reminded me of the year that I had lunches at Chicago's most prestigious private clubs.  Here's how that came about.  The President of Swift & Company was Mr. R. W. Reneker who happened to be an alumnus of The University of Chicago.  Each year, the university's business school held a drive (to add to the millions they already have).  One year in the late '70s, Mr. Reneker agreed to head up the drive.
He had one of his minions go through Swift's Personnel records to find other U. of C. graduates.  Guess what?  They gave him the list and he selected me.  (Somebody had to do the grunt work.)  I would send out invitations to the big shot corporate guys in Chicago, pick a private club etc.  After the lunch, Mr. Reneker would give a short speech and do some genteel arm twisting.  My reward was an expensive lunch and a ride to and from the site in a limousine with Swift's President, who, by the way, was a very nice guy.  That year I joined the U. of C.'s Century Club for Alumni  who donated $100.  In recent years I only give $20 since they get better consideration from Foundations based on the percentage of total alumni giving; and I'd rather donate to a more worthy cause such as Mission India.  The other expensive lunch i want to discuss happened in Hawaii.  In 2004 Aunt Jean, Deb, Kim and I spent two weeks with 3 days on each of four Hawaiian Islands.  Our tour included a lunch at a very posh resort on the Island of Kauai.  After the lunch, Deb & Kim added up the prices of the items i had consumed and they said, "Dad, your lunch cost morethan $64!"  I must admit that it tasted more like $100.          Love, BOPPA JOHN 
P.S.  I'm sending this week's Snippet early since we're leaving today for Florida and won't come home until 4/16.  Last week when the papers were filled with Roger Ebert's passing, he had a great quote.  Roger, who was raised as a Catholic, said one priest told him, "You go about God's work your way, and I'll go about it in His."
