Cousin Garritt

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 6:
"Lord, you have lifted us up and saved us; thank you for such a great salvation."

Our grocer, Jewel, had a promotion in the fall of 1987.  You could fly anywhere in the 48 states one-way for $100.  That was a good deal at that time, since almost all flights required a round trip.  I had always wanted to take a train to the west coast, but not a round trip.  So Jean and I made the two-night sleeper trip to Seattle with our friends George and Frieda Hoekstra and a flight back two weeks later.  We rented a car and spent most of the two weeks touring Canada.  One Saturday night when we found a nice motel, we noticed that there was a Christian Reformed Church a couple of blocks away.  So we decided to go to their morning service on Sunday.  After the service we met several church members.  When one of them heard my name, he asked: "Do you have a cousin Garritt in Leewarden, Holland?  I went all through High School with Garritt." I told him that although I had never met Garritt, he must be my cousin since most of my cousins had a Ford dealership and a BMW place in Leewarden.  This guy's name was Martin Olivier and he said he'd like to meet us at Denny's the next morning, so we agreed.  Martin had an amazing success story.  Back in the '50s, in order to immigrate, the Canadian government had you choose a sponsor (mostly farmers).  If you had enough $$$ they encouraged you to go to Vancouver or some where on the west coast.  So Martin and his wife wound up on a farm out there where his wife was the cook and Martin worked in the fields. After about a year, he applied for the job of outdoor maintenance for a factory in Vancouver.  Since the Interviewer connected "Tulips" with Holland, Martin got the job.  He saved most of his salary until he could buy a used truck at which time he quit and started peddling plants, shrubs, etc.  Pretty soon he had enough $$$ to buy a greenhouse.  He built up that business to the point where it was worth over a million bucks and then retired and sold it to his two sons.  When we met him for breakfast, he showed us a survey of a large hunk of some mountain nearby that he had recently bought and was meeting a surveyor that day to determine what mineral deposits could be extracted  there.  Anyhow, my cousin Garritt's classmate was the only "Horace Alger" I've met in my 89 years.      Love,  BOPPA JOHN
P.S.  I went to the Hines Veteran's Hospital last week to get my new hearing aids fitted.  There was quite a long wait so I perused a National Geographic.  After about 20 pages, I wondered what month the issue was published ... guess what; the date was 1993!  That's 20 year old news; my golly I was only 69 back then.  JR
