JAILHOUSE BLUES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 95:  "Lord we come and bow down in worship; we  kneel before you for you are the Lord, our maker."

It's somewhat like one of those seldom-used words that a Spelling Bee finalist would carefully spell out:                        R-E-C-I-D-I-V-I-S-M."  Actually, in the Cook County jail recidivism is calculated by the rate of which prisoners who are released return to jail within three years for another crime.  To the chagrin of we Cook County Taxpayers, that rate far exceeds 50% each year.  The 9/18  Chicago Sun Times reported that the County Jail population for the previous day was 10,267.  It costs we Cook County Taxpayers $143 for each day served.  That calculates to $1,468.180 each day
(an annual taxpayer sum of $535,886.000}.  The State of Iowa opened a large prison in which both the guards and the prisoners were Christian.  The recidivism rate at that prison was practically nonexistent.  So the ACLU sued in a federal court that this was discriminating to the Sikhs, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, et al and won their case.  Now Iowa    can no longer have a Christian prison.  In Matthew 25, Jesus said, "I was in prison, and you came to visit me."
We may not have the opportunity to visit prisoners, but the CROSSROAD BIBLE INSTITUTE gives us a channel to
correct prisoner bible lessons each week and send them back with a letter of encouragement.  I don't know what the recidivism rate is for these bible-lesson prisoners, but I'd guess it's very low.    Love,  Boppa John

P.S.  Last June (Before Jean got sick) we booked reservations for a flight, three shows, and a condo shared by the Leos, Persenaires, Yonkers, and Aunt June.  During the 5 weeks that Jean was going downhill and when we were alone, we had many good cries together and Jean would always say, "Remember, life goes on."  So here I am in Branson, keeping our pre-booked schedule.  The weather is perfect, the company is great, the shows are OK, but best of all, I'm still so grateful that Jean is in heaven that everything else is still trivial.  God is good, all the time!
