SECRETARIES

My prayer today comes from Psalm 77:
"We will meditate on all your words, O God, and consider your mighty deeds."

In my long tenure at Swift & Company, I had several different secretaries.  I'll just relate some of their highlights.
MARY BENEZ ... The ordaining of Pope Francis reminded me of a day in 1978 that Mary will never forget.  She had immigrated from Poland with her parents at the age of 16 and was in her early 30's when I hired her.  It was remarkable that  she didn't have  trace of an accent.  I always had the radio in my office playing, and when they cut in with breaking news that the Cardinal conclave in Rome had elected Cardinal Karol Wojtyia to become the Pope (John Paul II) I called Mary into my office and said, "Guess who just got elected Pope?"  She said, "I don't know, probably some Italian I never heard of."  When I told her it was the first Polish Pope ever, she was ecstatic !
JEAN OKUBO was born in California of Japanese parents.  When World War II broke out on 12/7/41. our citizens  were worried about all the Japanese immigrants who lived on the West Coast.  So, in that panicky mood, Congress voted to ship all of them to Internment Camps in the midwest.  Jean was in High School at the time and wound up in an Interment Camp in Arkansas.  That's where she finished her High School and didn't get to move back to California until 1945.  But she never bitter about her experience.  As I recall. our Government gave each of these Internees who survived a $25,000 compensation a few years ago.
MARGARET SMITH was a young AfroAmerican who turned out to be a very capable secretary.  One day she received a phone call from her husband that he owed $200 to some Gang Banger and if didn't pay it back that night, the gang was going to shoot him.  I called Helen Steckley who ran our Credit Union and told her to give Margaret a loan for $200 and I would cosign it.  Guess what!  Margaret's husband was thankful and, she paid off the loan a $10 per week.
CLAUDETTE (I can't remember her last name)  was also an AfroAmerican who was divorced from a Chicago Cop  and was raising a boy of about 12 years old.  One day I picked up her purse and said, "Wow, this thing is heavy!"
She opened it and showed me a revolver.  Her exhusband had taught her how to shoot it and had bought a license for it.  She said that on Friday nights (payday) she never walked down the sidewalk to her home when she got off the bus.
She always walked on the edge of the street with her purse open and one hand on the loaded gun.  She said that if some Gang Banger stopped her she'd blow his brains out.  (it made me appreciate my quiet suburb)
One of my other secretaries was a blond bomber who's claim to fame was that she had kissed Elvis Presley (after her husband had given $20 to the matte d to sit up front at one of Elvis's dinner shows).  She would also race their Corvette on weekends in some of the Women's races and occasionally win about $100. Anyhow, I always enjoyed my days and years at Swift.    Love,  Boppa John
