100 TRILLION

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 139:
"Lord, I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made.  All of your works are wonderful."

WARNING;  I admit that I often get carried away when I discover a new slant on how we are "wonderfully made."
 if this snippet gets boring, just hit the delete key.

Today, I'm not discussing our National Debt (that's just a mere 16.8 trillion dollars).  I am pointing out that for every cell in our body there are an estimated 10 single-cell Microbes in us and on our skin...at least 100 trillion in all.  These microbial hitchhikers are so small that all 100 trillion account for only 1 to 2% of our total body weight.  Research in the last five years, however, reveals that they play a key part in our health.  The many antibiotics that we so readily take have a side effect in that they often destroy the good microbes.  As an example, consider these findings on obesity. Have you ever wondered how some of our friends can scarf down all kinds of high-calorie junk food and never gain a pound?  Scientists tested a large number of field mice and found that although the mice all ate about the same quantity of food, some were obese and some were skinny.  So, they transferred some gut microbes (called Firmicutes)  from the obese mice to the skinny ones.  Although the skinny mice ate about the same quantities as they did prior to the transfer, they quickly started packing on the ounces of body weight.  The use of antibiotics kills off the "slimming"
 microbes, called Bacterroidtes.  That's the reason Farmers add antibiotics to animal feed.  The drugs alter the gut bacteria in cattle, pigs, and other animals substituting Firmicute bacteria which are better at extracting maximum calories from the feed.  This process makes the animals "plump up."  Scientists are just starting to explore how to boost the growth of slimming gut bacteria using probiotic supplements and foods which fuel healthy bacteria while zapping the fattening ones.  I'm sure we won't live to see that, but maybe our Great Grandkids won't have to worry  about obesity.  Oh well, at least our generation got to be the first to use fluoride.    Love,  Boppa John 
