LONGEVITY

Dear Family,  My prayer today is from Psalm 91:  "Thank you Lord for your promise  that when we call upon you, you will answer us.  You will deliver us and honor us with long life and show us your salvation."

On Saturday, I went to Grand Rapids with the Yonkers, Leos, and Aunt June to attend the 100th Birthday Party of Jean's Aunt Helen.  There were 130 in attendance and it was a nice party.  Aunt Helen never married and has no kids of her own, but she is greatly loved by all her Nieces and Nephews.  She treated them all as if they were her own kids and it's just surprising that she knew almost all their names (even the Great Nieces and Great Nephews).  These kids formed a choir and sang a lot of Aunt Helen's favorite hymns.  They even had a sextet of violinists.

Each morning when I read the paper, I always check the obituaries.  Some times I find names of Swift & Company employes that I with whom I worked.  I'm also expecting to come across the name Ray Hammerschmidt.  He's a guy that works out at my Fitness Center four days each week.  He celebrated his 98th birthday on August 22.  He usually walks with a cane, but now he resorts to a walker.  He's still very sharp and I encourage him to keep coming since he sets the bar for we younger guys.

Yesterday I timed my Health Club visit so I could go from there to my 11:30 appointment with the Eye Specialist who monitors the glaucoma in my left eye.  This was just a routine followup to check the pressure in my eye so I expected to be out of there in 30 minutes.  Alas, they were busy converting all of their records to electronic and were running so far behind that I was there for a total of two hours.  The Doctor was embarrassed by the long waiting time so she gave me a free sample of the eye drops which usually cost me $22.  Oh well, that nets me $11 per hour which  is probably somewhat higher than what MacDonald's pays their burger flippers.

I'm doing surprisingly well.  One of the gifts I've given myself is nine hours of sound sleep each night.  I'm just so happy that Jean is in her heavenly home that anything else seems trivial.  Thanks again for your continued prayers.

Love, Boppa John
