Ram Pumps

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 37:
"Father, help us to wait on you and keep your way; for we have your promise that you will exalt us to posses the land."

Have you ever heard of a ram pump?  Jean's mother recalled that when she was a little girl, she had to walk about a mile to fetch a pail of drinking water.  The water used for washing came from rain trapped in a large cistern next to their farmhouse.  Then one day her father read in the Farmer's Journal about a ram pump and how to construct it.
There was a spring at the bottom of a ravine behind their house.  A  ram pump doesn't need any external source of power and only has two moving parts (valves).  Grandpa could use the large amount of water that gushed out of the spring to flow into the ram contraption.  When this water reached its maximum speed it would shut off the input valve.  This water stoppage built up trernendous pressure and that opened up the output valve which would force about 10% of the water uphill to Grandpa's house.  The decreasing pressure would again open the first valve and the cycle would repeat.  (I don't mean to bore you with all these operating details, but, it just blows my mind how that inventive generation overcame so many hardships before electricity came along).  Anyhow, in order to keep the system running year around, Grandpa had to bury his output pipe to the house at the bottom of a 3-foot-deep trench below the frostline.  Jean and I used to look down that forested ravine and marvel at that accomplishment.  Believe me it was quite a chore!  After he had success in bringing the water to his house (and building an inside flush commode). he dug a pipe line to his dairy barn where a trough of cold running water provided refrigeration for the large cans of milk there in the summer heat  Grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 94 and has provided plenty of snippets for me to relate when my own memories dwindle down.  Jean's sisters all drove to Grand Rapids today to visit Aunt Helen.  She's the sole surviving daughter of Grandpa Doezema and will be 100 years old in September and she's sharp as a tack.  All of those Doezemas lived well into their 90's.          Love,  BOPPA  JOHN 
