ARMY RATIONS

Dear Family,  My prayer today is from Psalm 148:  Lord, let us all praise your name, for your name alone is exalted, your splendor is above the earth and the heavens."

I first joined the Army in Camp Grant, Illinois.  A loudspeaker in the barracks would blare out a wakeup call at 6:00 AM and then about 45 minutes later we'd "fall in" outside for roll call and then march in formation to the Mess Hall for breakfast.  I don't remember anything exciting about our meals back then, but I do recall being placed on K.P. (kitchen police) on my second day there.  Shrimp was pretty cheap back then, and another private and I spent hours cleaning thousands of shrimp.  The "cleaning" simply meant running our thumb nails through the shrimp to clean out the dark stuff in their insides.  Most of the rest of my army feeding meant lining up with an aluminum mess kit and the K.P.s would sling whatever the chef had prepared into your mess kit.  After my first six months, I graduated form Officers Training School and from that time on in the U.S. I'd eat in the Officer's Mess and be served by the K.Ps.  When I went overseas in combat, we mostly ate K rations.  This consisted of a box (about the size of Crackerjack) which contained items designed to be eaten cold.  There would be a chunk of cheese, crackers, a small can of precooked and ground meat, a "melt proof" chocolate bar and a pack of 4 cigarettes.  The cans had small keys to wind them open and there was a Breakfast or Dinner K ration.  If your outfit was behind the line of combat, you'd get C Rations.  These had item that could be heated such as corned beef hash.  If you were even further back, you'd get a large box of 10 in 1 rations.  These had more palatable items that could feed ten GIs for one day.  When we wound up the war in the Bavarian Alps, we sent out hunting parties to kill deer.
Our Mess Sergeant  would serve deer steak, ground up deer burgers, and deer stew.  that was really good.  One thing I really missed was fresh milk ... we always got the powdered variety.  When we landed in New Jersey and the train would stop for 15 or twenty minutes, you could give a kid 1 or 2 dollars and they'd run to a store and buy you a quart of milk.  Wow, did that taste delicious!
Love,  BOPPA JOHN
P.S.  Last week I wrote about Ramadan.  It didn't start too well this year.  Suicide attacks, car bombings, and other
violence have killed at least 169 Iraqis just seven days into the Islamic holy month.  That's the highest since any
seven-day period since 2007!  JR
