ANSWERED PRAYER

Our Church's recent 40-day Season of Prayer reminded me of an 
experience Jean and I had as to God answering prayers far beyond what 
we can imagine.  I was on the Bible League's board of directors for 
27 years.  Occasionally we would have a meeting out of town and our 
wives would be invited (unlike today's politicians, we always paid 
for our own airfare and lodging).  In 1993 we had a three-day meeting 
in Monterey, Mexico.  On a Sunday morning our group was walking to a 
Methodist Church that had an English service.  Jean slipped on the 
sidewalk and came crashing down.  She couldn't get up and it was 
obvious that she had broken her leg.  One of the other board members 
and I stayed with her while the others continued to the church 
service.  We hailed a cab and managed to get Jean back to our room in 
the hotel.  After the service, most of our group joined us.  Jean's 
whole body began to shake as she was going into shock.  A Mexican 
lady, who was on the Bible League's staff in Monterey, stood at the 
bedside, laid a hand on Jean's shoulder and prayed. Jean recalls how 
her body stopped shaking and a warm peace came over her  that she has 
never experienced before or after that accident. But God wasn't 
finished answering our prayers.  When an ambulance from a nearby 
hospital arrived and took Jean and I to the Emergency Room, the 
Doctor who was that Sunday's duty medic, happened to be the head of 
the Orthopedic Department.  Not only that, he spoke perfect English 
since he had attended medical school in South Dakota.  After Xrays 
revealed that Jean had a badly smashed bone structure in her upper 
leg, the doctor fitted the leg with an inflatable cast and gave her 
some pain medication.  He even rode in the ambulance with us to the 
airport to make sure Jean was getting special care in boarding the 
plane.  I called our son-in-law Wally who arranged for an ambulance 
to meet us at OHare and transport us to Christ Hospital in Oak Lawn. 
But God still wasn't finished answering our prayers.  The next 
morning our Orthopedic Surgeon operated on Jean and packed her 
shattered bone with ground up coral of the sea.  He told us that this 
was a new procedure and there was no guarantee that it would work. 
Jean had to place her leg in an electronic device that sent some kind 
of waves into the coral to harden it.  We had the device delivered to 
our home since she required six hours of treatment each day for about 
two months.  Medicare was reluctant to pay their share of this 
treatment. but they finally did. and guess what. it worked out 
fabulously great!  Isn't our God an awesome God?    Love, Boppa John
