PERSPECTIVE OF POLAND

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 93:
"Thank you, Lord, for your love and mercy,  Thank you for your faithfulness from generation to generation."

I don't know where all those corny Polish jokes originated when I was growing up.  Maybe it was because Chicago's Polish population was growing at such a rapid rate that our numbers exceeded that of Warsaw.  At any rate, when Jean, Deb, Kim and I toured Central Europe in 2001, I thought Poland was one of the more interesting countries on our
itinerary.  Some of the things that impressed me were it's distinction in these:  1) SCULPTURE.  We toured the Wielizka Salt mine.  It was built in the 13th century and produced table salt continuously unit 1996.  Polish artists carved out many statues, three chapels, an entire cathedral (complete with huge chandeliers) out of the rock salt during the
last 5 or 6 centuries.  These include a life-sized carving of the Last Supper and another of Jesus' crucifixion. The special lighting on these carvings make them spectacular.
2) MUSIC.  Frederic Chopin was born in Poland and composed most of his music there.  One afternoon, we attended a special piano concert in Warsaw.  Maria Korecka, who        is one of Poland's most talented pianists, played all Chopin compositions for an hour or more.  I have never experienced such a beautiful concert in my life.  3) GRIT.  We viewed
a large statue honoring the brave Polish young men who started an uprising against the German army on August 1, 1944.  This Warsaw uprising lasted for 63 days and it cost
the Poles over 200,000 lives.  After that, the Nazis systematically blew up every major building in the city and Warsaw practically ceased to exist.  4) HOLOCAUST. We later
toured what's left of the famous Auschwitz Concentration Camp.  An estimated 1,500,000 Polish Jews were executed here.  One of the gruesome exhibits contained 100,000 pounds of Jewish Women's hair which was shaved off just before these poor Polish females entered the gas chambers.  5) RELIGION.  When I was growing up and there
were so many Poles coming to Chicago, they eventually began moving into Irish neighborhoods and attending Irish Catholic Churches.  The Irish would say, "There goes the
neighborhood!" and they didn't want to worship at the same Masses so the Irish would move to a different Parish.  Who would have ever thought that Polish Cardinal Karol
Wajtyla would be elected to become Pope John II in 1978?  6) FREEDOM.  In 1980 Poland's Solidarity labor union went on strike and Poland was the first country to fight the communist rule which finally led to it's complete freedom in 1989.  CONCLUSION:  We sometimes sing. " i'm proud to be an American..."  I'm convinced that people of Polish descent  can sing the same anthem to the country of their roots.                          Love,  Boppa John

P.S.  When I worked for Swift in the 40's and 50's, we'd always hope for an early close of our office on Christmas Eve day.  Some years we'd have to stay until the usual 4:30 PM exit, but in the majority of years a bulletin would be delivered at 2:00 advising that our office would close at 3:00 PM.  I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you a Merry Christmas and a thank you for all your support and prayers.
