CELEBRITY CHEFS

Dear Family,  My prayer for today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord. we are thankful for all you have done for us.  Your deeds of mercy and grace demonstrate your honor, majesty, and eternal goodness."

If my television could talk, it would ask, "How come i'm no longer being tuned in to Rick Bayless, "Mexico, one meal at a time";  or that chef in Norway who always cooks outdoors; or that chef with the wide suspenders who makes all those southern recipes; or that female chef who always has her mother on the program???  And on and on.  Jean was really into watching Celebrity Chef's TV Cooking Shows.  I had sort of forgotten that aspect of our TV watching until last week when I read about those wild fires threatening Yosemite National Park in northern California.  Each winter this Park's custom is to have a Celebrity Chef put on a three-day cooking demonstration culminated with a five-course dinner.  About twenty years ago Jean and I attended one of these events with the Doumas and Yonkers.  We stayed in the Park's Visitor Accommodations which were quite nice.  Wendy, Con and I weren't too thrilled with the cooking classes, but we did look forward to the final dinner.  Each of the five courses was served with a different wine.  For those who skipped the cooking classes and only took in the dinner, the cost was $300 per couple (that $150 per meal price of twenty years ago translates to $238@ in today's prices)  It may not have been the best  dinner I ever had, but it was the most expensive.  I think my best dinner was the one served in a military camp in New Jersey when our ship arrived in June of 1946.  We got in at around 11:00 PM and were served a steak dinner with all of the trimmings.  Wow, did that taste good after living on powdered milk, powdered eggs and canned meats for 1 1/2 years!
Love,  Boppa John

P,S,  Speaking of dinners ... this is the season of fund-raising dinners.  That, combined with a few dates i have next week puts me on a schedule of eating at home only three of the eight days beginning Saturday, 10/5.
