BUTTERBALL (It's almost that time!)

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 80:
"Restore us, O God Almighty, make your face shine upon us, that we may be saved."

In my long tenure as Sales Promotion Manager at Swift & Company, there were many products to promote (Salami,
Hostess Ham, Brown 'N Serve Sausage, Franks, et al).  But my very favorite product was the Butterball Turkey.  Did you know that 80% of the annual turkey consumption in the U.S. occurs during the Thanksgiving Holiday weekend?
And, Butterball was so popular that we outsold  the next two leading brands.  Here's how it happened.
Some genius, (not me) in our poultry department, speculated that since Thanksgiving is such a popular time to entertain guests, Homemakers would be willing to pay a premium price for a superior bird.  So, our Turkey Growers and R & D Center, figured a way to breed a broad breasted bird, pump about 3% oil into the finished product for  self-basting and put it on the market.  That was a first step.  The next important phase was to come up with a memorable brand that consumers would readily depend on and which would be easy to advertise.  A gentleman by the name of Leo Peters, of dutch descent from Grand Rapids. Michigan, owned the registered trademark "Butterball".  (I don't know if Mr. Peters was any relation to my cousin Dorothy's husband from Denver who gets these snippets).  Anyhow, I can't recall the exact amount we gave him for a year's license of that trademark back in 1951, I think it was in the neighborhood of $40,000.  For 10 years we paid him at a higher rate each year.  Finally, we bought the license after ten years for well over a million bucks.  In 1981 we started the Turkey Talk-Line, staffed by gals who have a degree in either dietetics or home economics.  That 800 number receives over 200,000 calls each year at Thanksgiving time. Butterball became such a well known and reliable brand that consumers are still willing to pay ten cents per pound premium to buy one.  If she buys a 20 lb bird, she's willing to pay the extra $2.00 to assure her guests won't be disappointed.  At any rate, I enjoyed my job and when Jean talked me into retiring at the age of 62, I wasn't sure how it was going to turn out.  Like the brand Butterball, the last 27 years have been increasingly successful and happy and I give thanks to the good Lord for that!!    Love,  BOPPA JOHN
P.S.  Each year,I buy the Butterball a full week before Thanksgiving and let it thaw in the refrigerator.  I'v heard so much lately about soaking the bird in brine for about 10 hours before roasting and how good that keeps the meat extra moist.  So I went online to the Butterball website and got the brine recipe.  Since I have all those ingredients in the house, this Thanksgiving i"ll be roasting a "Brined Butterball".
