NEW HOUSE: $250

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 91;  "Lord, you have promised that if we make you the Most High our dwelling, then no harm will befall us and no disaster will come near us."

With Mollie and Wally moving into the home they purchased in Glen Ellyn, I was reminded of how things have changed since we built our first home in Evergreen Park 59 years ago.  We bought the 55 foot lot for $1,750.  To cover that investment, we borrowed $1,000 from Jean's Mother at 6% interest (she had received that from the city of Chicago as a settlement for an accident to a bus on which she was riding).
We borrowed $500 from the Swift Credit Union, then invested our very own $250 and we were on our way!
I then went to a Savings and Loan outfit on the day Kim was born (3/17/54) and borrowed the $14.500
cost of the home.  They accepted my $1750 lot investment as the down payment on the mortgage.  Our mortgage payments were $100 monthly for 20 years (this covered the interest and principle, taxes, etc.)
After the excavator dug the hole for our basement, we ran into a vein of grey  quicksand .  I had to borrow a gas powered pump and spend many days pumping out the water before the cement crew could begin.
Part of the deal to get this three-bedroom house built for $14.500 was that I would do all the painting and staining and nail the roof on.  This was before plywood roofs and I had to nail on 1" X 10" boards.  Also, since we had all oak trim, Jean and I would spend many evenings "liming" all those pieces of trim with white lead.  Since this included all of nine doors, it turned out to be quite a back-breaking task.  I've always been a proponent of vacations where one travels somewhere.  That was the only vacation in my 45 years at Swift where we stayed home and it made my "getaway" mode even more important.  Twenty years ago we sold that house for $125,000 and the Lord's "Goodness an Mercy" followed us to our current digs in Palos Heights.    Love, BOPPA JOHN
