FOUR ROOM SCHOOL

DEAR FAMILY, My prayer today comes from Psalm 106:  "Lord, who can ever list all of your glorious miracles?  And,
who can ever praise you half enough?"

With the bulletin notification requesting photos of graduates for the Church Newsletter, I was reminded of my own graduation 76 years ago from the Evergreen Park Christian School.  Our class of  1937 had 16 boys and 6 girls.  I'm the only one left from that class, but I think I was also the youngest.  There was no Kindergarten in those days and we started in 1st grade at  quite an early age...I was just 5 months past my 4th birthday.  Our school was a frame building with a cement block "basement" at ground level and four classrooms above.  There were four teachers so each had to teach two grades.  The 7th and 8th grade teacher automatically also had to serve as Principal. With new teachers being hired, there would sometimes be a shuffle of teacher assignments.  I recall that I had Miss Ball for a total of four of my eight years (that was OK because she was a great teacher and even attended our class 50th anniversary).  The basement was  divided into a Girl's section and a Boy's section.  During the coldest winter months and downpours we were allowed to play in the basement for our two
15-minute recesses and the noon lunch hour.  Most of the kids who lived within about a 1/2 mile radius of the school went home for lunch.  At the end of the recess or lunch hour the Principal would assign some lucky kid to ring the "cow bell"  to get the classes to lineup and march to their classrooms.  Tuition was $3.00 per month and that was pretty hard to come by during the great depression.  I remember my Dad saying that at some School Board meetings in the winter, the treasurer, Fred Slagter, would ask that each Board Member kick in a dollar (which would buy a half ton of coal) to keep the furnaces running.  Mr. Terpstra was a kindly janitor and if we'd break through the ice and get wet we'd sit in the basement with him, close to the furnace, to dry out. I can remember a lot of the games we played outdoors, but I can't remember any "basement games."  Anyhow, I'm thankful to the Lord for those eight years of Christian Education and the sacrifices made by so many families of that era.            Love, BOPPA JOHN   
