SHINY BOOTS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 90:
"Lord, teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom."

When World War II ended, there were over 11,000,000 Displaced Persons in Germany and Austria.  Many of them had been brought to Germany for slave labor during the war.  Others fled their countries to escape the bombings and artillery fire as the combat zone overtook their villages.  It took the Allies several years to return them to their original countries (most were from Eastern Europe).  These D.P.'s were housed in large camps where they were fed just a substandard diet such as watered-down soup and sanitary conditions in the camps were pretty awful.  But now, back to my "shiny boots".  I sort of adopted a couple of young Polish kids who were in their late teens.  They had been brought to Germany a couple of years earlier to work on some project.  They were just delighted to be my personal valet since they were fed well in our Mess and had easy jobs.  After the war ended, our footlockers were shipped to us.  They contained our dress uniforms, dress boots, and other personal items.  The "in thing" for officers to wear back then were dress boots that came to the top of the ankle.  Every day, after picking up and dusting my room, those two would shine the pair of boots that I wasn't wearing that day.  Honestly, you could almost see your face reflected from my boots.  I don't know what happened to those kids when I was transferred to another Outfit many kilometers away.  I hope they got another cushy job before getting shipped back to Poland.  I'm sorry that this is such a trivial story, but sometimes my brain doesn't bring up a meaningful experience.  Love,  BOPPA  JOHN

P.S.  Re my above prayer from Psalm 90, I have just "numbered" my days, and today is my 32,538th day on this earth.  U.S. statistics say the average life has 25,567 days (70 years).  That means that I've already had a bonus of 6,971 days ... how many more will it take for me to "gain a heart of wisdom"???  
