MAIL CALL

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 84:
"Lord. better is one day in your courts than a thousand elsewhere.  I would rather be a doorkeeper in your house, O God, than dwell in the mansions of the wicked."

I first starting writing letters when I was in 4th or 5th grade.  My brother Marty and his buddy John Van Kampen bought a used Model A Ford and some camping supplies and headed for Texas,  They visited the Vander Laans in Denver first and the went down to set up camp on the Rio Grande.  Since they set up a "General Delivery" post office address in a nearby town, we were able to write them.  First class postage at that time was 3 cents for letters and pre stamped post cards were 1 cent (they stayed "Penny Postcards" until the early '50''s when they went up to 2 cents.)  Marty & John went to town about once a week so it was really neat to get a letter in answer to one that we had sent.  A few years later, Brother George and his cousin, Clarence Ninehouse, made the same trip and campout so we had the opportunity to repeat our mailing experience...great fun!  Mail Call in the Army was also the highlight of the day.  It usually occurred every morning, many days you'd get zilch and some days there'd be 3 or 4 letters.  Postage stayed at
3 cents all the way through the late 50's.  Because air freight was so crucial to supply troops in both the Pacific and European war theaters , our government came up with a great idea called V Mail (the V for Victory).  For 3 cents each, (free to GI's) one could buy a supply of V Mail letters that were about 7" X 9".
You could only write on one side, including both your address and the recipient's address.  The Post Office would then sort them into zones and photograph them on micro film.  They could fly thousands of letters this way to Army Zone Postal units who would print them back to their original size and deliver them to the GI's.  As I recall, one bag of microfilm would contain the equivalent of 35 to 40 bags of regular mail, so this freed up a lot of space for other supplies to be flown to the war zones. In today's world of smart phones and Emails, it's hard to conceive how sluggish it was to stay in touch during the '40s and 50s.  My brother-
in-law, Con Douma, bumped into a fellow GI who went to the same church and the guy congratulated him on the birth of Con's second daughter.  Con's outfit had been moving quite a bit and it wasn't until about a week later that he got a letter from home.  Before Airmail, my Dad would receive a letter edged in black from Holland telling him a family member had died about a month prior.  He'd be very quiet and morose for a few days after each of those letters.  And, I notice that I've been rambling and I apologize for the length of this missile .  Love,  BOPPA JOHN 
