FORT BENNING. GEORGIA

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from 103:
"Lord we praise you.  Your salvation is to children's children of those who are faithful to your covenant and remember to obey you."

I hope this isn't repetitious, but I'd like to relate my 1944 experience in Ft. Benning.  I was about half way through my "retread" six-week course on being a combat infantry platoon leader.  We were on a field exercise and I was dragging a 30 calibre machine gun up one of Georgia's red clay hills.  The rusty tripod hit my leg, tore my uniform  there and made a bloody scratch on my leg.  The next morning I awoke with a temperature and reported for Sick Call.  The medic who examined me said I had an infection and sent me to the hospital.  The hospital nurses packed me in ice and started to give me sulfa (penicillin was just in the test stages at that time).  A couple of mornings later, two interns were standing near my door discussing my case.  They assumed I was sleeping or in a coma and one said, "That's the same room where that other Lieutenant died last week, and now this guy's temperature has hit 105.8."  With that comforting revelation, I figured that I was about two tenths of a degree from going to the great beyond.  Anyhow, after about three weeks in the hospital, the sulfa did it's job and I joined up with another retread class that was about half way through.  But, about a week later, I had a reoccurrence of this cellulitis infection and it was back to the hospital.  This time the Doctors decided to put me on Penicillin with a shot every three hours.  The night nurse would bemoan the fact that it was the day shift's job to sharpen the needles as she'd try to plunge the shot into my bare rump.  For this hospital stay, I had a congenial roommate and we'd pass away the hours with a chess game set up between our beds.  After supper, we'd ask an Orderly to go to the PX and buy us each a pint of vanilla ice cream (15 cents a pint).
I did have one bad experience in my last stint of the six week course,  One night we were on a field exercise and since there were big wheels from the Pentagon to view it, they put out extra trip-wire rockets.  I guess there wasn't time to put the usual small fence around them and one of my fellow officers, Lt. Mathews, set off a rocket that exploded in his crotch.  He had a reputation of being a "Ladies Man", so I went through his foot locker before they shipped it home to make sure there weren't any items to cause more grief for his widow.      Love,  BOPPA JOHN
