CELEBRITY CLOSE ENCOUNTERS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 112:
"We praise you, Lord, for you have promised that all who fear you are blessed beyond expression.  Happy is the man who delights in doing your commands,"

In May of 1990, I was sawing off a huge branch in Grandma Persenaire's backyard.  To do so, I had to stand on the top of a six-foot ladder (not a good idea).
The branch was 8 to 10 inches in diameter, and I had sawed about 2/3 through it when it began to crack.  I threw the saw down and hung on to the trunk side of the branch as the ladder tumbled beneath me.  Since I figured the ground would be soft from the spring rains, I let loose on my grip and fell to the ground.
Unfortunately. my left heel hit the fallen ladder and shattered in about 10 or 12 pieces.  My Orthopedic Surgeon massaged the pieces to get the largest on in the back of the heel, then drilled through it, fitted in a long 1/4 inch bolt which held that piece of bone in place via a huge plaster cast that went all the way up to my knee,  Three weeks later, Aunt Jean and I boarded a plane for California to attend Betty and Con's 50th Anniversary Party.  While there, we managed to get tickets to THE JOHNNY CARSON SHOW.  Because I was waiting in the line with this huge plaster cast on my leg, they ushered Jean and I in for seats in the front row, where I could rest my heavy cast on the railing.  Jay Leno was subbing for Carson that night and since NBC made such a big todo last week about Jay's final show, I was reminded of this snippet.  Jay came over and asked me why I was wearing this huge cast and when I began to tell him about sawing
this large branch off of my Mother-in-law's tree, He said, "Don't get me started, I could make up dozens of mother-in-law jokes about that."  My second Celebrity Encounter happened at O'Hare Airport.  I was on a business trip for Swift and had about an hour to kill before boarding.  So I went into their shoe-
shine room to get a shine.  Their were two customer shoe-shine chairs and two employees. My guy had just started on my shoes, when in walked Mohammed Ali with about three dudes in his entourage.  Ali had recently retired from the boxing ring and was very pleasant and talkative.  I can't recall what we discussed for those 5 or 6 minutes, but I do recall that I was surprised at how down-to-earth he was because his mantra was always, "I'm the greatest."
Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  This week's celebration of Valentine's Day also reminds me that on that occasion 66 years ago, I became engaged to Aunt Jean and began my 66-year encounter with  Donno, my all-time dearest celebrity.
