A SALUTE TO THE WASPs

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 42:
"By day Lord, you direct your love.  At night your song is in us as we pray to you, O God."

I doubt that any of you ever heard of the WASP's.  They were the Women Airforce Service Pilots.  Right after Pearl Harbor, 12/7/41, it became obvious that our Airforce needed many more combat pilots, so we took a page from our ally England's book and organized women pilots to take over the non-combat duties such as ferrying our military planes from the factory to airbases.  When I took my basic training with the Antiaircraft Division in California, one of our skills was developed by going to the beach and  firing 50 caliber machine guns and 40mm two-man antiaircraft guns at targets being towed over the ocean by a WASP pilot.  Altogether, there were 1,074 female pilots selected (out of over 25,000 who applied) and of that number 38 were killed in various airborne accidents.  The WASP was considered civil service and did not receive military benefits.  Because of this, our government didn't even have the decency to pay for sending the body home for burial.  To cover this expense, fellow WASP's and relatives had to "pass the hat".  On the plus side, since they were civilians, they could resign any time they wanted (unlike the military)...although few of them did.  Now, I want to tell the main story of this snippet.  The U.S. spent billions to develop a long range, heavy bomber, the B-29.  It was called the super fortress and it's cost even exceeded that of the Manhattan Project itself (the atomic bomb development and testing program whose heavy, large bomb was one of the main reasons for building the B-29).  But the B-29 was rushed into production and a rather uncertain future.  It's Wright engines were prone to catch on fire, a flaw that really wasn't even solved until after the war.
In February, 1943, Boeing's renowned test pilot, Eddie Allen, had one of the engines catch fire, destroying one of the wings and causing the death of Allen, his eight-man crew, and 19 civilian workers in a meat-packing plant hit by the falling aircraft.  Despite all this, the military high command made the decision to press on with the top secret super fortress program.  The daunting task of training Army pilots to fly this advanced bomber with its dangerous reliability problems was assigned to Lt. Col. Paul W. Tibbets.  Tibbets knew he had a problem right from the beginning when the pilots he chose for this training were putting up unprecedented resistance.  Two top-secret military programs, billions o dollars, as well as the final attempt to shorten the war were at stake.
Then he came up with this crazy idea...if he could train women to fly the B-29 proficiently' then male pilots could be persuaded to fly the behemoth.  So he flew down to Eglin Air Force Base in Florida and recruited DiDi Moorman and Dora Dougherty.  These gals had never even been inside a four-engine plane before, now they were going to show their fellow male pilots how to handle the world's most advanced high-altitude "super bomber."  Under Tibbet's guidance, the two women trained for only three days before he decided they were ready.  The gals began ferrying pilots and crews in their B-29 from a base in New Mexico to other bases.  The demonstration lasted only a few days, but Tibbet's plan was a resounding success.  The WASP's had convinced their male counterparts that the B-29 was safe and reliable - provided it was managed properly.  Now we go forward to August 6, 1945, 08:15, clear visibility and 32.000 feet over Hiroshima, and Pilot Lt. Col. Paul Tibbets gives the order to release the Atomic Bomb.  This event may never have been recorded if it were not for the skill and talent of those two WASP's.  Now, almost 70 years later, I'm sending a contribution to help build the National WASP WWII Museum at Avenger Field in Sweetwater, Texas.  That's the least I can do for their part in keeping me from having to assault the beaches of Japan.
Love,  Boppa John
