WE TAXPAYERS WILL MISS DR. TOM

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 55:
"We call upon you , O God, and you save us.  Evening, morning and noon we cry out in distress and you hear our voices."

Tom Coburn is a 66-year-old, country doctor from Oklahoma.  Back in 1994, he decided that our congress needed an injection of common sense, so he ran and was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.  In 2004, he ran and was elected as one of Oklahoma's U.S. Senators.  Now that he has a bout with cancer he has resigned from Senate.  Dr. Coburn has been the all-time opponent to pork barrel projects; he's earned the nickname of Dr. No from his fellow legislatures.  It's estimated that he has been responsible for eliminating "25 billion of stupidity."  Each year he publishes a Wastebook of pork barrel projects that he hasn't been able to stop.  Here are a few of them:  1) Watching grass grow in Florida  2) Teaching college  students how to laugh  3) A cultural exchange program involving nose flutists who play music with their nostrils and nothing else  4)  $3 million for a State Department program to humiliate terrorists with angry tweets  5) $387,000 to the National Institute of Health to study the effect of Swedish foot massages on rabbits  6) $331,000 so scientists may study "hangry" (hungry and angry) spouses as they stick pins into voodoo dolls of each other  7) $171,000 so scientist can teach monkeys to play video games.  It's no wonder our spending is at an all time high!  On Election Day a couple of weeks ago, 46-ydayear-old U.S. Representative James Lankford won 68% of the vote to replace Coburn for the remaining two years of his term.  Lankford's platform is to decrease our $480 billion national debt, so I presume he will also go after these nonsensical pork barrel projects.  At any rate, it's a privilege to live in a country where our vote counts for something.
Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  The mid-winter mode has already hit Chicago and we're still over a week away from Thanksgiving Day.  However, I love sleeping in a cold bedroom.  I always have the heat turned completely off and open a window to about two inches.  Last  night it was super cold but I have fleece blankets and a thick comforter yet I had to add an afghan.  This morning, when I unwrapped my afghan cocoon and checked my bedroom thermometer, it read 45o.  It's truly a blessing to be able to get a sound night's sleep and I thank the Lord each AM.
