THE BLARNEY STONE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111

"Who, O Lord, can forget the wonders you perform?  We praise you for your deeds of mercy band grace."

Jean and I spent the first five days of April, 1998, touring Ireland.  It's a very interesting country.  We couldn't get over the many ruined castles our tour bus passed ... it seemed like we'd see one every 30 or 40 minutes!  Much of the open areas are old bog fields from when the Ice Age glaciers pushed forests of oak trees into the ground.  These days, the Irish harvest the bog in blocks for fuel.  I'll never forget a monument at the side of the highway that was a tribute to the Potato Famine of 1846-7.  The famine accounted for
over one million deaths and a flood of emigration to the United States.  The monument showed a little boy knocking on a poorhouse door, crying that he's the only one left in his family and begging to be admitted inside.  Later, we climbed 135 steps to the top of Blarney Castle near the city of Cork.  At the top, you lay on your back and over to kiss the Blarney Stone (it's supposed to give you the gift of eloquence).  Jean was too "fiece" to kiss the stone.  Ireland has some replicas of ancient wagons called Jaunting Cars.
Early one brisk morning we took a jaunting car tour along the shores of Muckross Lake to visit a Mansion built in the 1800's.  The wagon drivers were constantly on their cell
phones ... Ireland had very few hardline phones in 1998.  Our Tour Guide estimated that less than 10% of the Irish had hardlines.  We toured the cliffs of Mohrer that rise 700 feet above the Atlantic Ocean.  Signs all over warned to be careful on the paths since a few amateur photographers fell to their death trying to get a better shot.  One night we visited Laurel's Pub in Killarney.  The owner is a cousin of our friend Jean Byrne ... unfortunately, she was out of town that day.  The Pub was so crowded that one had to pass the order and money through about 4 people to get a drink.  I tried a Guiness Ale and Jean had a light beer.  The Pub was so crowded you'd think it was the only watering hole for fifty miles.  We wound up our trip with a sumptuous medieval banquet at Bunratty Castle which was restored from the original 1425 AD building.  Anyhow, my birth date is March 17, 1924, daughter Kim's is March 17, 1954, and the famous missionary to Ireland, St. Patrick, died on March 17, 457 A.D.  Nowadays, that's designated as St. Patrick's Day ... so it's only fitting that I recall our Irish trip this month.    Love,  Boppa John  
