BIG SPENDERS / GREAT WAY TO TITHE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord, you never forget your promises.  All you do is just and right, all your laws are good for they are formed from truth and goodness and stand firm forever."

In a speech Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen gave last Friday, she said the gap between the super rich and we middle class spenders has been the largest in the last 100 years.It just blows my mind when I read about how multimillionaires spend their money.  In the past two days I read these newspaper accounts:  1)  We all know such famous artists as Rembrandt and Van Gogh, but have any of you heard of Cy Twombly (1928-2011)?  But a 1970 painting he created by making a series of white, lasso-like scribblings on a blackboard-gray canvas will be  offered by Christies next month for between $35 million and $50 million.  Last year an art collector paid Sotheby's $24.6 million for Cy's 24-part set of pencil and paint drawings from 1959.  2)  Media mogul Ted Turner, one of our nation's largest private landowners, has just listed his private island off the coast of South Carolina for $23,777,000.  Over the years he's used it for a family retreat but said he's selling it because he doesn't use the property enough.  One thing about Turner, however, I recall that he's been very good to charities over the years and was instrumental in getting Bill Gates involved in using some of his billions for charitable causes. 3)  On a lesser scale, Rapper Sean "Diddy" Combs (who I never heard of) showed up at the expensive Chicago Cut restaurant sporting a $50,000 suit.  Since they were running late, Combs ordered ten filet mignon dinners "to  go" for his entourage to eat on his private jet leaving for New Jersey.  4) Finally, I'd like to tell of Rick Warren's great idea for tithing.  Many of you are acquainted with his successful series of books on THE PURPOSE DRIVEN LIFE.  Rick gives 90% of his royalties to charity and lives off of the remaining 10%.Most of the Big Spenders we read about every day, could live very comfortably on 10% of their income.  Wouldn't it be great if they gave the other 90% to various charities?  We know there's no shortage of worthy recipients.  As Jesus said, "The poor you will always have with you."
Love, Boppa John
