FROM SMALL BEGINNINGS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 117:
"With all nations and peoples everywhere, O Lord, we praise your name.  For Lord, you love us dearly and your truth endures forever."

My Grandfather and Grandmother Ozinga sailed from the Netherlands to the U.S. in 1885.  A few years ago, cousin Jeanne Brucken did a brief history of Grandpa and Grandma and determined that this couple had descendants (counting great-great grandkids et al) of over 340.  But, that's not the "small beginnings" I want to write about today.  Instead, I want to discuss the historical small beginnings of my Uncle Mart Ozinga, my mom's brother.  After serving as police chief of Evergreen Park's two-man department in the 1930's, Uncle Mart contracted for a rail siding plus a small brick office at 95th andTroy in Evergreen Park.  There he started a coal yard.  Almost all houses were heated by coal and it was sold
at the cheapest price if there was access via a chute from the delivery truck to the home's coal bin.  If the coal had to be transferred to wheelbarrows and then shoveled into the bin, the price went up. Some homes required that the coal be bagged and toted up to the second floor (this, of course demanded the highest cost to the home owner.  My brother Frank worked for Uncle Mart for a time and he'd come home just black with coal dust.  Anyhow, Uncle Mart had trouble finding employees after World War II began in December of 1941, but he was determined to keep the business running for his four sons, all of whom were in the Service, and somehow he coped.  When his sons came home in 1945 and '46,
Martin Jr. took over management of the business and added concrete and some other building materiel.
There was such a large demand for housing at that time, that the construction businesses flourished, as did Ozinga Brothers.  A Newspaper article last week, stated that Ozinga Brothers had bought out Meyer Material Co.  The addition of Meyer's fourteen sites coupled with the twenty-one Ozinga Illinois sites plus eleven more in Indiana, make this one of the largest Ready-Mix Companies in the U.S.  Martin III
has retired now and the company's CEO is Martin IV.  And, to think that this all began when that first carload of coal was shuttled into a railroad siding on 95th Street about 80 years ago.  Getting old has its aches and pains, but it's fun to look back at how God unfolds his plans for the people of his flock.
Love, Boppa John    
