FIELD TRIP

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 92:
"Lord, you make us glad by your deeds.  We sing for joy at the works of your hands.  How great are your works, O Lord, how profound your thoughts!"

For all who think Field Trips are for Grammar School kids, I want to assure you that they can also be very enjoyable for 90-year-olds.  I joined 62 other Seniors last week for a Trinity College field trip to Pullman Works and then to the site of the 1893 Columbian Exposition.  Historic Pullman was built in the 1880's by George Pullman as worker's housing for employees of his railroad car company,  the Pullman Palace Car Company.  It's amazing that these 900 brick row houses are still fully occupied today.  They were comfortable by standards of the day, and contained amenities such as indoor plumbing, gas and sewers.  This
is very impressive to me, since I didn't experience indoor plumbing or sewers until 50 years later, in 1937 when I was 13 years of age. Although the surrounding
neighborhood is almost 100% Afro American, the last census figures in 2001 revealed that Homebuyers of these Pullman Row Houses were 75% Caucasian,
19% African-American and 6% other (Hispanic, Asian, etc.)  The Bosman's who used to live in Evergreen Park and who bought a unit in Pullman 15 years ago, let our group tour their house.  Each unit has two floors with the bathroom and two bedrooms upstairs.  The floors, stairs, etc. are the original white pine and remarkably in good shape considering they are 125 years old.  One of the reasons Pullman is in the News these days is that the U.S. Congress is considering making it into a National Park.  The local Gentry hopes this comes soon since it is now run by the State of Illinois and Historical Buildings such as the Florence Hotel have become rundown and closed to the public.  (What else would one expect of any project run by Illinois?)  Our bus next headed to Chicago's Midway, The site of the i893 Columbian Exposition.  This World's Fair was so-named to celebrate the 400 years since Columbus discovered America.  The 700-acre Jackson Park site was a mess off wet clay and weeds but world-famous landscape artists whipped it into shape by digging lagoons and ponds which were
strategically located to begin construction of the 150 Buildings that made up the Fair.  All Nations in North and South America had exhibits at the Fair.  It just blows my mind that all of this could be accomplished just 22 years after the great Chicago fire!  Just as the Eiffel Tower was the focal point of the Paris Exposition of 1889, the Columbian Exposition had the giant Ferris Wheel as it's "show-off" construction.  It towered to a height of 264 feet and had 36 cars (each with a capacity of 60 people).  It was three times the height of today's giant Ferris Wheel on Navy Pier.  So, after that part of the tour we journeyed to the South Shore Country Club for dinner.  This is where Barack and Michelle Obama had their wedding reception.  (There are some things in which Senior Field Trips outshine their Grammar School counterparts).                      Love, Boppa John
