THE BERLIN WALL

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 86:
"O Lord, you are great and do marvelous deeds; you alone are God.  Teach us your way, O Lord, and we will joyfully walk in your truth."

This coming Sunday, November 9, will mark the 25th Anniversary of the demise of the Berlin wall.  When Deb, Kim, Ag and I toured Germany in June 2001,
we saw many sections of the old wall that were preserved as "the world's largest graffiti display."  Most walls are constructed to keep people out of the area,
the Berlin Wall was constructed to keep East Berliners in, and unable to flee to the west.  At the end of World War II,  Germany (including Berlin) was divided into four sectors...Russia, France. England and the U.S.  Berlin happened to fall in the sector controlled by Russia.  The East Berliners were fleeing to the West at the rate of about 1,000 daily.  To stop this mass exit, a 96-mile, 12-foot high, barbed-wire-topped wall was built beginning in 1952.  Actually, there were two walls; one built 160 feet inside the outer wall.  This 160 foot area was called the "death strip" with dogs, guard towers, floodlights and armed guards with shoot to kill orders.  Even today, 25 years later, German Historians are still trying to piece together how many hundreds were shot to death.  Can you imagine the tremendous cost to build these 96-mile walls?  Even if you drove your car at an average speed of 50 MPH, it would take almost two hours to cover the 96 miles!  Another barrier, with more than one million mines was erected along the 850- mile border between East and West Germany.  Two years before the collapse of Communism, the June 1987 speech by President Ronald Reagan at the Brandenburg Gate, "Mr. Gorbachev, tear down the wall",  was applauded by non communist nations around the world. The toughest living for communists these days is North Korea.  There, a large percentage of their starving citizens are locked up in huge slave-labor camps throughout the country.  As I write this on Election Day, 2014, I'm again overjoyed that our loving God placed us in a country where our main complaint is that listening to so many political commercials on TV is irritating.  Thanks be to God!
Love,  Boppa John  
