FAR-OUT FLYING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 109:
"With my mouth I will greatly extol you, O Lord; in the great throng of worshippers I will praise you."

I was flying home from Florida the other day, and I began thinking of some of the weird flights i've taken in the past 90 years.  1)  When I was a teenager, there used to be "barnstorming" pilots who would land their biplane in a prairie and sell rides for $5.00.  One such prairie was located on the southeast corner of 95th and Crawford (less than a mile from our farm).  One of my buddies and I saved up our coins and took our first ever flight in this open cockpit.  The pilot would take off, circle once and land in the total time of about 5 minutes.  2)  In the mid-70's, Barry was in Seminary and had a summer assignment in Rapid City, South Dakota.  While Jean and I were driving there for a visit, we stopped at a sign that read, "See the Badlands by Helicopter, only $15."  We decided to give it a try.  She and I sat in the plexiglass nose of the helicopter, with the pilot behind us.  He'd bring that nose down to 15 or 20 feet from the peaks of some sandstone formations.  It was more than the $15 thrills we had bargained for.  3)  In 1955 I had to go to San Francisco for a week since our company was introducing a new product, Swift Tender Franks.  I had planned to come home on Friday, but our President called me and told me to stay over for a press conference on Saturday morning.  I called United Airlines and told them to change my Friday reservation to Saturday.  Lo and behold, that plane landed at Old Orchard Airfield (which I had never even heard of).  I learned that United had seven flights a day into Old Orchard and was the only airline there.  I had an awful time getting a taxi to take me downtown so I could take a train home.  4)  Our recent heavy snows reminded me of a flight I took when the snow was so deep that OHare had only one runway open.  The "takeoff" line of planes was very, very long, as was the line of planes coming in.  I was sitting by a window and timing the incoming flights ... they were 55 seconds apart.  In that short gap the lead takeoff plane would roar down the runway and get off the ground. Whew!
5) One time I was coming in at Midway in a terrible lightning storm.  The guy sitting next to me said,  "I flew a B47 Bomber in World War II and I don't mind telling you that I'm scared."  We couldn't see any thing but lightning as we bounced up and down until we finally broke through just above the fence on Cicero.
I think that was the only time I was scared on a flight.  Usually i enjoy flying (it sure beats driving for hours and days).  6)  In 1987 Jean and I signed up for a
Bible League two-week tour of South America.  One of our features included spending three days at the Wycliffe Bible Translator's village on Peru's Amazon
River. While their, we took a flight along the Amazon in a couple of small planes to visit a Missionary Colony of native indians.  We had to weigh in since these small planes couldn't take off if they carried too heavy a load.  Jean and I wound up in different planes because of the weight distribution thing.  When we
reached the clearing where we had to land, we first had to fly at tree-top level to scare the Native's small herd of cows off of our "runway".  We spent an enjoyable couple of hours with the Natives and our return trip went smoothly.      Love, Boppa John  
