LONG-DISTANCE POTTY TRAINING

Dear Family,
"My payer today comes from Psalm 29:
"Father, we worship you in the splendor of your holiness.  We praise you for your glory and strength."

On Christmas morning of 1975  one of the most exciting events in our lives occurred.  Jean, Kim and I drove to O'Hare airport to pick up Adam and his parents.  Adam was our first grandchild and had been born just two weeks earlier in New Haven, Connecticut.  I was reminded of that memorable morning 39 years ago, as Adam and his wife Lucy touched down in O Hare this year on there flight from London.  We usually only see Adam and Lucy once a year since they are both involved in teaching English as a second language.  For the past 15 plus years, Adam has been one of an estimated 6,320,000 U.S. citizen expatriates working overseas.  His employment has included a couple of years with Microsoft in Bangalore, India, plus years in Augsburg, Germany and in England.  But I'm digressing...I wanted to tell you about his "long-distance" potty training.  When he was two or three and growing up in New Haven, I'd go to the library each week and take out some little kids' books.  Then I'd read the stories to Adam (and record a letter on the other side of the cassette to his parents).  Daughter Deb saved all the cassettes and had the bright idea of playing them over and over to Adam as he was going through the rigors of potty training.  It worked so well that Deb reused the cassettes for her next two kids.  There was one small problem...Jon and Dan kept asking their Mom, "How come Boppa always ends each story by saying, 'Boppa loves Adamo'?  So that's how I helped train my grandkids from a long distance.  One more thing;  in the Old Testament we read accounts of the First-Born receiving his birthright.  I think the only birthright Adam received was getting to name his grandparents.  Hence, I became BOPPA and Jean became DONNO.  There is some question in Jean's title, however, since Adam also called doughnuts, his favorite food, donnos.
I want to wish all of you a Merry Christmas!!!
Love, Boppa John  
