FIFTEENTH ANNIVERSARY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 2:
"Lord, help us in our daily tasks in your kingdom.  Help us to fully trust you and your promise that all things work together for good to those who love you."

Fifteen years ago this month (in March 1999) I passed out in the shower.  When I came to and staggered to the couch, I thought I was catching an acute case of the flu.  Jean knew better and called 911.  In a matter of minutes the Paramedics and Palos Police were at our house.  They checked my vitals and said that I had to be rushed to the hospital.  I chose Christ Hospital and soon I was on my way with sirens blaring.  Jean called Wally and Kim and the three of them headed for the emergency room.  As I recall, this all happened at about midnight.  The ER Doctors determined that I had lost half of my blood.  I don't know how they measure that statistic, but I do know that we full-grown humans have about 6 or 7 quarts of blood in our bodies so it meant that I had to get at least 6 pints to get back up to speed.  After laying on the gurney for a couple of hours, I insisted that Jean, Kim and Walt go home to catch a few hours sleep and come back in the morning.  Not much happened until the next shift of nurses came on duty at about 7:00 AM.  The new nurse was perplexed as to why I was still on the gurney in my blue jeans and not receiving a blood transfusion,  It turned out that the hospital had somehow lost my blood type so they had to take another sample, send it to the Lab, and then the transfusions began.  A colonoscopy later that morning found that I was losing blood from a duodenal ulcer which I had no idea was in my system.  Anyhow,  I had to spend about 10 days in the ICU to get my blood back to normal and then had successful triple bypass surgery. Since then, I've had prostate cancer and congestive heart failure. This is a pretty boring anecdote, but I just want to testify that we don't go to our heavenly home until God says, "It's time."  Until that moment, I'm grateful for all the blessings I receive each day.  Love, Boppa John
