LOSERS & WINNERS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 150:
"Lord, we praise you for your acts of power; we praise you for your surpassing greatness.  Let everything that has breath praise you, O Lord."

LOSERS...there are legitimate losers that  can earn our sympathy.  People who have to incur debt because of a loss of health or a loss of their jobs.  Those aren't the losers I'm including in this segment.  Instead, I'm remembering a secretary I had years ago at Swift.  Each December she'd be overjoyed that she finally got her credit card paid up from all the presents she bought for last year's Christmas.  I'd try to convince her to get a loan from our Credit Union instead of paying those high-interest rates her credit card occurred.  But, she was comfortable in continuing to use her "proven" system.  Did you know that one in every three Americans have debts and unpaid bills that have had to be taken over by collection agencies?  These consumers fall behind on credit cards or hospital bills and their mortgages, auto loans or student debt pile up, unpaid.  The average debt of this 35.1 % in collections is $5,178.  Health care-related bills account for 40% of the debts collected; student loans make up another 25% and credit cards are 10%.  College graduates in the class of 2014 have an average debt of $35,050 (even after adjusting for inflation, that's twice the $9,300 debt of 20 years ago.  Finally, in my opinion, here are another segment of biggest losers.  The average number of vacation days in 2012 was 14...on average, losers gave up 4 of these days.

WINNERS...There's a U.S. False Claims Act which helps finger alleged wrongdoing.  Government agencies say they rely on citizen suits under the act to help find misdeeds.  They are 'instrumental in bringing to the government allegations of fraud that might otherwise go undetected" a Justice Department spokesman says.  Dr. William LaCorte, of Metairie, La. has been a very successful winner jn suing health-care companies for alleged fraud.  Over two decades, he has won  six of the twelve suits he filed, helping the Government's Medicare to recoup hundreds of millions of dollars.  Dr. LaCorte's cut for these savings was $38million and is covered by the federal law that encourages fraud reporting.  One of his successful lawsuits against Merck & Company alleged that they overcharged Medicaid for Pepcid, a heartburn drug.  That suit netted the government over $250million.  Dr. LaCorte spent part of his cut to buy a boat he named Pepcid.   
Love, Boppa John
