HOW WE PRAY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 17:
"I call on you, my God, for you will answer me;  thank you for turning your ear to me and answering my prayers."

When I workout five times weekly, my 20-minute session on the stationery bike always includes reading the Large Print Reader's Digest.  They include many interesting articles such as the seven-page writeup this month on "How We Pray."  In the eleven years that Theresa Cho has served as a pastor at St. John's Presbyterian Church in San Francisco, she has aimed to make prayer more accessible to her diverse congregation.  When the tenth anniversary of 9/11 grew close, Pastor Cho placed a bucket of colored chalk outside, near the church's entrance next to a large sign that read "Write a prayer or word of peace to mark this day."  Over the next week passersby scratched out prayers of thanksgiving for the first responders and prayers for a better world, such as "Blessed are the Peacemakers.."  According to the 2010 General Social Survey, 86 percent of Americans pray, with 56.7 per cent doing so at least once per week.  Even a growing group that numbered 46 million at last count and includes non-churchgoing believers, atheists, and agnostics - one in five still prays daily according to the Pew Research Center.  The word "pray" is derived from the Latin word "precarious" which means entreaty or begging.  According to a recent book by Anne Lamott, praying is about much more than asking for things ... in her book she believes that most prayers fall into one of three categories:  HELP. THANKS, and WOW.  In today's electronic era, sites such as Twitter are a fertile forum for prayer, with users creating hashtags like #pray4philippines and #pray4boston to quickly and succinctly show empathy and solidarity in the face of tragedies.  I'm so thankful that God has placed us in a country where we have the freedom of a huge circulation magazine like the Reader's Digest to feature an article on prayer.
Love, Boppa John
