NINETY=YEAR MEMORIES OF CHRISTMAS PAST

Dear Family,  Here's my prayer for today from Psalm 60:
"Save us Lord and help us with your right hand that we who love you will be delivered"

The Stock Market collapsed five years after my birth in 1924 and we entered the Great Depression.  As a five-year-old, it never dawned on me that we were poor...everybody seemed to be in the same boat.  Each of our family of seven siblings was allowed to pick his or her Christmas gift from the Sears catalogue but we had to stay within the parameters of $1.00 or less.  I selected the Gilbert Beginner Erector Set.  I was so excited and pleased when I unwrapped it and played with it that on the next two Christmases I picked the same $1.00 set so that by my seventh Christmas I had the wherewithal to build many more things with my three sets. When I graduated from high school at the age of 17, I got my first job at Swift & Co. at a salary of $15.00 per week (my only payroll deduction weekly was 15 cents for social security) but now my earnings allowed me to give Christmas presents to my siblings.  Then came the Army.  I spent my 19th Christmas in North Carolina, my 20th on the way to Europe, and my 21st in Germany.  The radio airwaves were filled with tearjerker songs such as,
"I'm Dreaming of a White Christmas". "I'll Be Home for Christmas, If Only in my Dreams."  Many of my fellow soldiers would get pretty lonesome and despondent during the Holidays but I've always been grateful to the Lord that he gave me the ability to adjust to my surroundings and not get homesick.
When I returned from 3 1/2 years in the Service, got married and sired two daughters, I've had many, many Merry Christmases.  Nowadays after getting suggestions from their parents, I order gifts from Amazon for my seven great grandkids.   Plus, daughter Kim helps me make a whirlwind tour of Carson's for the other thirteen gifts for all the rest of the family.  This will be my second Christmas without Jean, but once again the Lord has given me peace that she'll be celebrating her second Christmas in her heavenly home.  None of us know how that celebration goes, but one thing for sure, it will be the true meaning of the holiday (holy day) when Christ was born into this world to save us from our sin.
Love,   Boppa John
