THE MOON

Dear Family, 
My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord, I want to express publicly before your people my heartfelt thanks to you for your mighty miracles."

One of my daily devotions of a couple of weeks ago included Psalm 72, written by Solomon.  This Psalm has been called, "The Reign of the Righteous King."
I was puzzled by verse 7 which reads, "In his days the righteous shall flourish; prosperity will abound till the moon is no more."  I tried to comprehend why the verse didn't read that the "earth" (instead of the "moon") is no more.  In Randy Alcorn's book, HEAVEN, he writes, "The climax of history will be the creation of a new heaven and a new earth, a resurrected universe inherited by resurrected people living with the resurrected Jesus."  Maybe there won't be any need for a moon.  At any rate, I thought I'd write a snippet about the moon.  I don't know how many of you were around in 1971 when Neil Armstrong stepped out of the landing module and uttered that famous line, "That's one small step for man, and a giant step for mankind."  It ws an awesome event witnessed by an estimated 600 million viewers around the world.  Close behind Neil, came Buzz Aldrin.  Buzz was an Elder in the Webster Baptist Church in Texas.  Shortly before the trip he asked his minister to consecrate a wafer and a small vial of communion wine.  He then recited a verse from the Gospel of John and took communion.  In the
one/sixth gravity of the moon, the wine slowly curled and gracefully came up the side of the cup.  Although Buzz wanted to partake of communion on television, NASA declined since they were all ready embroiled in a legal battle with atheist Madelyn Murray O'Hare about the crew of Apollo 8 reading from Genesis as they orbited the moon on Christmas Day.  Aldrin later wrote, "It was interesting to think that the first liquid ever poured on the moon and the first food ever eaten there were the communion elements".  Aldrin accidentally broke a circuit breaker while moving about in the cabin of the landing module and there was great concern that they wouldn't be able to fire up the engine and would be stranded on the moon.  Fortunately, a felt-tip pen was sufficient to activate the switch and they returned safely.  A more recent event that makes us sing, "He's got the whole world in his hands" ... in the Russian/Crimean crisis the Parliament of Ukraine chose Oleksander Turchynov as interim President and Supreme Commander of their armed forces.  Only one per cent of Ukraine's population are Baptists, and Turchynov is a Baptist Lay Minister.  He has been in and out of the Ukrainian parliament and government since 1998 (serving briefly as acting Prime Minister in 2010)  May Turchynov's reign flourish.    Love, Boppa John
