SEASON PASS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 74:
"Lord, the day is yours, and yours also is the night; you established the sun and the moon."

In 1990 we took a two-week tour of Italy.  I have always been fascinated by ancient works and Italy has over 5,000 archeological sites, including 30 in Rome.  One of these is  Rome's Colosseum.  This historic structure is viewed by over six million tourists every year.  When our group entered at gate number 8, you could see the Roman NumeralsVIII over the entrance.  I was reminded of this visit last week when I read that restoration efforts on the Colosseum were finally under way.  The Italian Government is so broke that one of its citizens , Diego Valle, made a 25 million euros ($33 million)  donation to fund the project.  One would think that the ruling politicos of Italy would be thrilled
to get this donation ... but no, they had to debate this 2010 offer for over three years before accepting it.  It sounds to me like something our Illinois Legislature would do.
Anyhow, when we stood in front of gate VIII, our tour guide showed us an artifact from that era.  It was a bone etched out with section VIII and the year.  He said it was a
Season Pass that more affluent Romans would buy (something akin to today's Sky Boxes in our football stadiums).  The weekly events would include duels to the death by slave Gladiators, Christian slaves being killed by fierce, hungry lions. or some other sadistic event.  I wondered if these thousands of spectators got baby-sitters or took their kids
along?  The Roman Empire of 2,000 years ago had unbelievable architectural structures but at the same time, they were unbelievably cruel.  When our tour left Rome and headed for the Catacombs, we drove down the Appian Way.  As you drive along this ancient road, it's hard to imagine what it must have been like in 71 B.C. when Roman soldiers crucified over 6,000 rebellious slaves here and left their bodies to rot on all those crosses.  These slaves had been the followers of Sparticus who had escaped
from a school of gladiators.  The Catacombs are a series of narrow corridors and burial vaults going dow seven stories from street level.  Over 500,000 early Christians are buried here.  About 40% are infants which is indicative of baby mortality rate in those days.                Love.  Boppa John
P.S.  Some of you may wonder how my aging brain can recall all these facts and figures from trips take 20 years ago.  My secret is that I took a lot of photos and put them in albums with detailed descriptions under each photo.  And, I apologize for sending out that unfinished snippet last week.  I try to stay a week or two in advance and type drafts...this one somehow got sent when I pushed the wrong key.  (These faux pas are called "Senior Moments")
