SMARTPHONES

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Who, O Lord, can forget the wonders you perform?  Thank you Lord for your deeds of mercy and grace."

Many of you probably own a smart phone.  It's difficult for my 90-year-old brain to grasp all the wonders
that a smart phone can produce,  I read an account this week that reminded me of our very much loved niece, Liz Wolff.  As most of you know, Liz was born with Spina Bifida and spent her 38 years on this earth in a wheel chair.  But she had a terrific attitude and that wheel chair didn't keep her from touring Europe, Korea and Japan; or going on tour with Elim's Choir; or singing, HE TOUCHED ME, to an audience of thousands at McCormick Place.  But, one of Liz's favorite things was when some guy would get her out on the dance floor at Elim's annual prom or at some wedding and twirl her wheelchair around to the beat of the DJ's music.  That's what made me think of Liz when I read of the introduction of the Rolling Dance Chair.  The chair responds to the motion of a smartphone that's placed on the body so that when a person leans left, it rolls left - it can even spin.  The Inventor, Mary Lynn Morris, is a ballet dancer and reports that spina bifida kids are thrilled. some little kid said  afterwards , "This makes me feel free!"  Another smartphone account I read covered last January's snowstorm that paralyzed Atlanta.
Michelle Solicito was moved to immediately start a Facebook group called SnowedOutAtlanta to link those marooned by the weather to shelter, fuel, food, and other assistance offered by Good Samaritans.
Can you imagine that within 24 hours, more than 50,000 signed up for membership in this group??
Strangers  saved one another:  A pregnant Mom and her child found a place to stay; a man with a heart problem was taken to the hospital ; and a scared 71-year-old woman received blankets and hot chocolate. "The biggest thing I learned is that everyone can do something to help people in crisis,"
Sollicito. 46. says.    Personally, I'm grateful that the Lord always provides...even50,000 smartphones to assist in "Loving our Neighbor as Ourself."    Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  Yesterday at the Health Club I mentioned to one of my fellow exercisers that I have my six-month
appointment with my Cardiologist this week.  To which he replied, "At our age, the only thing doctors can tell us for sure, is that we're part of the group swirling around just above tyne drain."
