MOVIN' ALONG

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 48:
"Lord, we praise your name.  We praise you from the Heavens and from the heights above."

Back in the '30's when I was growing up, Martin Douma used to call on our home once a month.  He represented the Roseland Mutual Aid Society.  Each of our family was insured for burial, and Mr. Douma would collect something like 10 to 12 cents each for the monthly dues.  I think the payout on death was about $100 and that would be enough to cover the funeral costs.  There wasn't any health insurance at that time, but it was important to have burial insurance (I don't ever remember any friends of my folks being buried in a Potters Field, although there was such a large plot adjoining our Evergreen Cemetery ).  Most people died at home and if a person had to go to Englewood Hospital, you knew they were in serious condition.  I remember as a boy, accompanying my older brothers to the hospital to see my mother.  She had an operation for some intestine problem and was in a lot of pain.  I can remember being very sad because I thought she was dying.  God answered our prayers and Mom lived another 30 years and died of heart failure at the age of 74.  One of the reasons funeral costs were low is that only the very rich would have a viewing in a funeral home.  Almost everyone would be "laid out" at home.  There would be a large wreath on the front door...the Wake always lasted two days and nights.  I was 17 years old when my brother-in-law Fred died and I can still remember how "spooked out" I felt for those two nights that Fred lay in the coffin (with a light over it) in our parlor just outside my bedroom.  Anyhow, I got a quick brush-up course on man's mortality a few years later when I was a combat platoon leader in WW11.  I don't know how much funerals are going to cost a few years from now, but I do know from having buried my sister Dorothy and Jean that the current rate is about $12,000.  I've always liked that "Old Man River" ballad.  Although I disagree with the line that goes, "I'm tired of livin' but feared of dyin."  I'm still excited about living but I'm not afraid of dying ... so, like old man river I hope to just keep movin' along.                Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  Yesterday marked the six-month anniversary of Jean going to her heavenly home.  On some days, it seems like it was only six weeks ago; on other days it seems like six years.  The good news is that weeks and years don't count for Jean any more since she's  "dwelling in the House of the Lord FOREVER."
