THE WINTER OLYMPICS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 64:

"Praise awaits you in Zion, O God; to you our vows will be fulfilled.  O Lord who hears our prayers, all men will come to you."

The Winter Olympics begin in just a few days.  The torch has been traveling to Sochi since it began its journey from Olympia, Greece on September 29, 2013.  Because it has to appear in all of Russia's largest cities its 40,000 mile route is the longest in the history of the Olympics.  That sort of ties in with the fact that at $51 billion this is also the most costly Olympic event in history.  Many of the workers at Sochi have been working without pay since September 2013.  And, to think that Countries spend millions of dollars just to prepare their proposal to sponsor the Olympics.  This year, there will be 2,865 Athletes competing in fifteen winter events.  If you divide that number into 51 billion, the
"per athlete" cost comes to $17,668,000.  That just blows my mind.  I'm sure expenditures were more reasonable when the first modern Olympics were held in 1896.  The USAwas one of nine nations entering that competition.  I think the Olympics are an outgrowth of the Greek marathon.  When Jean and I toured Greece in 1998, we viewed the ruins of an old Greek stadium which supposedly was the finishing spot for marathons back in those days.  As most of you probably know, this event memorializes the run that a Greek messenger made from Marathon, Greece to Athens back in 490 B.C. to deliver the good news that the Greek forces had defeated the Persians.  I read somewhere that when Greece was planning the first modern Olympics in 1896 they thought the final event should be a 26.22 mile run over the same route as covered be that messenger2,336 years earlier.  Ever since then, it has become the final event of the summer Olympics ... the competing runners burst into the stadium and do one lap to complete their run.  I may be cynical, but I think that so much over-spending is a result of political egos.  In addition to all the construction, there's the worry of terrorism attacks.  In the Sochi Olympics there will be over 40,000 law enforcement personnel working from a week before and right through until a week after the closing ceremony.  Anyhow, I'm glad Brazil beat out Chicago for that summer Olympic program coming up in the next 5 or 6 years ... Chicago and Illinois are in deep enough debt without another batch of cost over-runs.
            Love, Boppa John
P.S.  One of the things I read every morning when I bring my newspapers in from the driveway are the day's obituaries.  If I don't see Ray Hammerschmidt's name there , I figure I'll see him at the Fitness Center.  This morning the windchill was somewhere in the neighborhood of -20° F...but sure enough Ray was at the Club working out.  He's the Methuselah of our group and each day sets the bar a little higher.  Ray is 98 (going on 99)
