AMAZON ROBOTS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 44:
"Lord, we don't trust in our strength but we trust in you, for you alone give us victory over sin."

These days I've been wrapping Christmas gifts almost every day.  Most of them come from Amazon.
The parents of my seven great grandkids select items from Amazon's huge toy offering stock.  Then I order them and when they arrive, I try to get them wrapped and put in the closet that day to keep up with the task.  I was impressed by a news article I read last week about Amazon's new robot method of handling orders.  More than 80,000 temporary helpers are hired during the busy Christmas season when Amazon generates more than 1/3 of their total volume.  This year, over 10,000 robots will assist in getting the orders filled.  Under the old method, "pickers" had to go up and down long aisles to find the items on an order.  Now, pickers stand in one place and each one has about 20 computer controlled robots go to retrieve  4 X 6 foot special shelving units to the picker.  He or she then places the chosen items in bins which are whisked away on conveyer belts to other workers who box the goods, label the boxes and place them on trucks for delivery.  It is estimated that the robots may pare 20% to 40% off of Amazon's cost of sorting, picking and boxing orders. A picker can now handle about 300 items per hour (compared to 100 under the old system.} The robot handling reminded me of the tragic death of my brother-in-law Rich Weidenaar back in 1975.  International Harvester, where Rich worked, was a big sprawling plant.  To facilitate getting the right parts to the crew working on a specific project, they had a huge, computer operated, overhead rail  system which could pick up a motor, transmission, etc and deliver it to the crew.  Back then, 40 years ago, the computers had a lot more glitches than today.  Rich programmed the computer to make the deliveries.  In some instances the computer-operated conveyer would get to an item and cease to function.  On some of those occasions, if one gave the gripping device a slight tug it would complete its job.  Rich was such a super conscientious employee that during his lunch hour he went to a malfunctioning computer-driven pickup and gave it a tug.  Unfortunately, he was standing in the wrong place and the pickup tongs killed him instantly.  Our family had solace in knowing that Rich was also a super conscientious Christian and made a transfer to his heavenly home.  That's the glorious gift we celebrate with the birth of the baby Jesus each year at this time.  Thanks be to God.
Love,  Boppa John  
