CENSORSHIP

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 113:
"Blessed be your name, O God, from this time forth and forevermore.  From the rising of the sun to its setting, your name, O Lord is to be praised."

Censorship was strictly enforced during World War II.  There would be posters all over reading such things as, A SLIP OF THE LIP MAY SINK A SHIP.  It became a lousy task for me.  Combat Platoon Leaders had to censor all letters written by enlisted men in their platoons.  Many a night I'd be in some German barn with a candle and razor blade (to cut out any references to location, casualties, etc.)  At any given time, I'd have 25 to 30 men in my platoon, so needless to say those letters would get a super-
speed scan.  The British Intelligence used this censorship as a ruse to mislead the Germans in the battle to take command of the Mediterranean Sea.  They published a death notice of three British Officers who drowned, including Major William Martin, a member of the Royal Marines.  Then they took a corpse of a homeless man, dressed him in a Royal Marine Major's uniform along with a briefcase tied around a loop of the fallen Major's trench coat, and via submarine tossed him into the water off the coast of Spain.  Inside the briefcase were two dossiers outlining Mediterranean war plans,  one to be delivered  to the Commander of the U.S. Forces and one for the British Commander.  The Spanish had a cozy relationship with the Nazis and it was rightly assumed that the briefcase would find its way into Germany's possession .  Almost everyone in the military thought that the Allied Forces would assault the Island of Sicily.  The "fake" war plans, however, called for an assault on Greece, Sardinia, and Corsica...so the Nazis shuffled their defense forces into these areas, leaving Sicily mostly unguarded.  When Allied Forces invaded Sicily on July 9, 1943, the Nazis thought it was a feint, as the captured documents had suggested.  By the time the Germans had reinforced Sicily, their troops were in retreat and began leaving the island two weeks later.  By the way, this ruse was named "Operation Mincemeat" and was developed in part from a memo written by future JAMES BOND author, Ian Fleming.
Love, Boppa John    
