HIGH FINANCES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 34:
"We will teach our children the fear of the Lord for the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous and his ears are attentive to their cry."
HIGH FINANCE #1:
The Village of Crestwood owns the Fitness Center where I work out.  They also own a stadium where a Minor League home team plays 70 games each season under the lights.  Some mornings when I'm working out, a bus will pull up and about a dozen trim-looking young guys will come in to work out (a courtesy offered by the Village of Crestwood}.  These young "Major League" hopefuls only get paid between $1,100 and $2,150 per month during the League's 5-month season.  The players get no overtime pay or salaries during Spring Training or for playing in off-season instructional leagues.  In fact, the players make less than the required federal and state minimum wage laws.  They put up with  the long bus rides, late-nite workouts and meager pay as trade-offs for a chance to someday play in the Major League.  Slim chance!  Statistics show that 83 out of every 100 of these hard-working hopefuls will never play just one game in the
Big Leagues.  Each of the thirty Major League teams own four of these Minor League teams and they pay the salaries.  All other expenses are paid by the
stadium owners (such as the Village of Crestwood) and for most of these owners, it can be a profitable investment.  There are currently lawsuits to improve the Minor League wages and other conditions. 
HIGH FINANCE #2:
Do some of you recall when the penny was made of copper?  Since 1982, a penny is made from 97.5% zinc and 2.5% copper.  Three years ago each penny cost 2.41 cents to make...Now that the price of zinc has gone down, it costs only 1.63 cents per unit.  Nickels are also a losing proposition, costing 7.8 cents to produce.  This cost to produce nickels isn't such a bad deal since nickels last for over 30 years and remain in circulation for a long time.  Pennies, on the other hand, are sort of disregarded by many shoppers and thus fall out of circulation.  Over 20% have disappeared in the last decade.  Australia and New Zealand got rid of their pennies in the 1990's and Canada took the same route in 2012.  The zinc industry, naturally, supports keeping the pennies in circulation and they sponsor a web site for Americans for Common Cents.  More importantly, they have  Lobbyists in Washington D.C. lining the campaign war chests of the D.C. Politicians.  So far, this year we have minted over seven billion new pennies...that'll buy a lot of political TV ads.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Yesterday I finished my six-week class at Trinity in which we reviewed the 119 events from 1949 to 1989 covered by Billy Joel's big hit, WE DIDN'T LIGHT THE FIRE.  It was really interesting to dig into these background details of my life's span of age 25 through 65. 
