STORKS, LADY BUGS, BALD EAGLES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 8:
"We praise you Father, for you have made man the ruler over the works of your hands.  You have put everything under our feet; the birds of the air and the fish of the sea."

When kids would ask their Mom or Dad, "Where do babies come from?"...the easy answer used to be that the stork brings them.  Some folks believe this originated from a Hans Christian Andersen story called "The Storks."  I have a different idea.  When Jean and I toured Greece in 1998, our Tour Guide asked our bus driver to stop at one of the side roads.  He said that just around the corner there was a church that had a huge nest of storks on its roof and all camera buffs should disembark and quietly hike around the corner for a photo-op.  Sure enough, I got a photo of Mama Stork just arriving at the nest with a diaper in her beak which she had swiped from some woman's clothes line.  The nest was about 6 to 8 feet across and diapers were great for lining and patching it (hence, storks flying around carrying diapers made a logical "baby delivery" explanation to those curious kids.  In October, these storks would migrate across the Mediterranean to spend the winter in North Africa.  It seems cruel, but some  weaker baby storks whom the parents didn't believe would make it, would be killed.  Now, on to Lady Bugs and kids.  Do any of you remember reciting, "Lady Bug, Lady Bug fly away home.  Your house is on fire your children will burn."  Well, I heard on my car radio last week, that Lady Bugs were clocked at covering a distance of 87 miles in two hours.  They take off and climb quickly very high to catch the zephyr winds.
That's at a speed of over 43 miles per hour...faster than a race horse!  (Maybe they're determined to rescue their children from  a burning home). The last flyer in my tale is the Bald Eagle.  Last night I watched a one-hour TV show on these fabulous birds, and they are awesome.  Unlike other species, including humans, the female eagles are 25% larger than their male companions with wingspans up to
7 1/2 feet.  Their nests are the largest of any North American bird;  up tp 13 feet deep and 8 feet in diameter.  They usually build the nests near a body of water since their main source of food is fish.  If the water doesn't freeze over, they stay all winter.  Regardless, the same couples, even if they have to migrate, use the same nests for years.  They can spot their dinner from way up high and swoop down at speeds up to 70 miles per hour.  I'm always fascinated by the skills God has incorporated in his animal creation.  Also, when I read about the strong family ties of such as the storks and bald eagles. I wonder
if there is a need for  'same sex marriages' in the animal kingdom???    Love, Boppa John

P.S.  While working out this morning, I read this ironic joke that seemed worth passing on:  Bitter?  No!
Not the people who posted this sign at their bookstore that was going out of business..."Sorry, no public washroom.  Try Amazon.com"
