EDUCATION ODDITIES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 96:
"Lord, we ascribe to you the glory due your name, we come into your presence with an offering.  We worship you i the splendor of your holiness, we tremble before you."

In today's snippet, I want to tell you about two women and their impact on education.  The first woman is Dr. Janet Rowley.  Dr. Rowley died a few weeks ago at the age of 88 and there were many stories  In the media about all of her accomplishments in the field of cancer research.  Her work, which led to the development of new cancer-fighting drugs, was recognized with the highest awards our nation offers.  The oddity of her career is this ... she was admitted to the University of Chicago's Medical school in 1944, but that class of 65 students had already filled its quota of three females, so she had to wait a year to get in.  In today's society, can you imagine getting turned down because of your gender regardless of your intellect?  That seems very odd to me since i'm just one year older than Dr. Rowley and 1944 isn't that long ago by my standards.
The second woman I want to tell you about is Oseola McCarty.  Eighteen years ago, a small-town banker down in Mississippi had a thorny problem.  Oseola, a frail. 87-year old woman with a 5th-grade education, asked the banker to help her plan her estate. She had never married and thus had no children to help her.  The Banker asked her for the names of the beneficiaries she wanted to name.  After he wrote those names on five cards, he handed Oseola ten dimes (each dime representing 10% her estate).  He then
asked Oseola to divide up the coins.  The elderly woman slowly deposited one dime for her church and one each for tree cousins.  Then, after a pause, she put the remaining
six dimes on the card designated for the University of Southern Mississippi.  With that, Oseola McCarty began a legacy that would inspire others and bring fame to an obscure washerwoman in Hattiesburg, Miss., who had lived so frugally that she was able to save more than $250,000 during a life of toil and loneliness.  Soon after her bequest was announced, 600 people contributed an additional $339,000 so the college could immediately begin awarding McCarty grants to poor Afro-American scholars.  Also, before Oseola died in 1999, Harvard University awarded her with an Honorary Doctor's degree.                  Love, Boppa John   

P.S.  Yesterday I went to Palos Hospital to visit two of Jean's sisters.  Dorothy Yonker (age 90) was getting a two-hour heart stress test, which I found out later that she passed.
June Wolff (age 85) was feeling so miserable that I just prayed with her and left.  June has a lot of medical issues all fighting each other (heart, kidneys and internal bleeding).
She was getting a two-pint blood transfusion and hopefully today she'll be strong enough that the doctors can do a scope to determine the cause of bleeding.  Please pray for
these two gals and their families.  Thanks!  JR
