SILVER LAKE, MICHIGAN

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from 1 Corinthians 13:
"Thank you Lord for your inspiring word that love is patient, love is kind, and that love never fails."

I spent last week at  our family's favorite vacation spot, Silver Lake, Michigan.  In the past 65 years, we missed only 1959 (when we rented a cabin in the mountains of Colorado) and last year when Aunt Jean was so very sick.  Since, on average, we spent three weeks each summer at Silver Lake, our total time here is well over three years.  We got hooked on these huge sand dunes and lake over 65 years ago when visiting Jean's Uncle, Dr. Stevens, who was the sole Dentist in town.  Over the years we developed different interests such as Tennis, Sailing, and Golf (mostly depending on the ages of our kids and grandkids.)  Daughter Deb was married here 43 years ago and had her reception on Aunt Ann Steven's large lawn...even with Aunt Jean's many worries, God blessed us with a beautiful, sunny day.  One summer, about 50 years ago, I decided to take a group hike along the shores of Lake Michigan from Pentwater back to Silver Lake, a distance of about 10 miles.  Any of our relatives could join us, they just had to tell us before time so we could get enough sweet rolls and coffee for our mid-hike break.  It was great fun, so the next year we hiked about 10 miles in the other direction.  I obtained very detailed maps of the shoreline and this tradition continued each year until we had covered the eighty miles of shoreline from Manistee to Muskegon.  When we first started vacationing here, the cottages we rented were pretty primitive (you had to take a bar of soap along into the lake for your shower).  Things kept improving over the years.  Our 64 and 60 year-old daughters still talk about how we would tote a bag of charcoal up the dunes along with a frypan, bacon and eggs  et al and have on of those primitive breakfasts.  Isn't it great how God blesses us with so many good memories of the past?  That's why he tells us that "Love never fails.)                                    Love, Boppa John
