THE GREATEST GENERATION???

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 42:

Father, deep calls to deep in the roar of your waterfalls; all of your waves and breakers have swept
over me."

There's a lot in the news these days about World War I since this is the one hundredth anniversary of "The War to end all Wars."  The U.S.A. didn't enter that war until 1917 and actually only participated in combat for just one year.  During that year we lost 116,000 young soldiers.  That's about the same casualty rate as World War II where we lost 405,000 in the 3 1/2 years from 1941 to 1945.  Tom Brokaw  authored a book he titled THE GREATEST GENERATION.  I'm sure that title sold a lot of books, but I think it was greatly exaggerated.  It wasn't such a big deal to join some branch of the military back then.
All of your friends were going in.  There were 73 in the service from my Evergreen Park Christian  Reformed Church (three of them were killed).  I don't know if it's because our generation is dying out, but there seems to be a flurry of "honoring veterans" lately.  In the last 4 weeks I've been to a lunch and a concert where veterans were asked to stand and were thanked for their service.  Back in 1946 when I was discharged, I can't remember anybody thanking me for serving.  I'm glad that today's Military are all volunteers.  The Wall Street Journal reports that since the recruiting stations are having no problem reaching their quotas,they are pretty selective and a whopping 71% of applicants don't qualify.  Obesity
washes out many; also, many fail to score 33 (out of 99) on the Armed Forces Qualification test; even having tattoos  on fingers, neck or face is a no-no.  Of course these tough qualifications would loosen up  if we decided to increase our Armed Forces for an emergency.  The $625 million signing bonuses by the Defense Department attracts many in the required 18 to 34 age group. All in all, as we celebrate another Fourth of July,we can be thankful the Lord put us in the U.S.A. no matter which generation we belong to.      Love, Boppa John
