A COUNTRY DOCTOR

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 108:
"I will praise you, O Lord, among the people;  and I will sing praises unto you among the Nations."

I was making my regular six-month appointment with my Cardiologist the other day and it occurred to me that medical things have really changed in the past 50 years.  When I was a boy of 11 or 12 and working on my Dad's farm, I somehow cut my finger and a few days later it became infected.  My Mom called our Family Doctor and made an appointment for the next day.  I don't know what the population of Evergreen Park was at that time, but I imagine it was pretty low since most of our town was divided up into ten-acre farms.  Dr. Lambert J. Nejdl had arrived at about that time and set up an office and examining room in the basement of his home on Turner Avenue just off of 95th Street.  I can still remember him numbing that finger and then making an incision to let the poisonous fluid out.  There weren't any antibiotics at that time so I don't know if he had any other treatment.  Dr. Nejdl remained our family doctor for many years after that.  When Deb was born in 1950 he was there at the Little Company of Mary Hospital (where he commented with a grin that the Dutch always seemed to pick Sundays for their water to break.)  His fee was $65 and I urged him to charge $75 because that's how much my Swift insurance paid.  So he did, but then to our surprise he gave us two $5.00 visits free afterwards.  The same thing happened four years later when Kim was born.  A few years later, I broke my wrist taking our sailboat off of the carriers on our car's roof.  On subsequent visits he would hold his hand next to mine (on the wall) to compare the flexibility.  He had broken his wrist some years prior to that.  My sister Betty worked for the Nejdl's for a few years and when the Doctor passed away, he left her 2% of his estate since he and his late wife had no children.  Anyhow, I suspect that there are still country doctors like this in isolated rural ares which don't have any specialists for miles around.  But with access to today's internet and new medications, their job is somewhat easier than was Dr. Nejdl's.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  I arrived down here in Orange Beach, Alabama on Saturday afternoon in the rain.  It also rained all day Sunday and Monday.  The sun is shining right now but more rain is expected this afternoon.  The good news is that all of my fellow companions in our beach condo have sunny dispositions ... and that's more important  than the weather.
