NAZI CONCENTRATION CAMP

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 108:
"Lord, who but you can give us strength and courage?  With your help we shall do mighty acts of valor."

A few weeks ago, when President Obama's "Uncle Charlie" died, I found that he and I had something in common.  Obama's great uncle, Charles T. Payne, was a member of the 89th Infantry Division that liberated Ohrdruf, a sub-camp of the Buchenwald concentration camp.  My outfit also liberated a Nazi concentration camp, but for the life of me, I can't remember the name of the town it was in.  I also can't remember if I wrote a previous snippet on this (the formula for writing over 100 snippets combined with my 90 years leaves a lot to be desired).  Anyhow, my outfit was the first one in there.  When we arrived there were no German soldiers or camp guards any where around.  I guess they probably weren't trained for combat and thought fleeing was a more prudent choice.  The whole area was overrun by prisoners from the camp in raggedy striped garb.  They were pitifully thin and bodies of recently starvation victims were piled up...the stench was terrible.  Each of us carried K-Rations which contained a block of chocolate.  Our Battalion Surgeon asked us all to bring these to him and his Aides melted them down.  Some of the prisoners who were able, would try to spoon feed this rich liquid to those on the brink of starvation but often it was regurgitated.  After a couple of days, army medics and our support troops from the rear echelon arrived and we moved out to continue our firefight.  So, seeing those bodies stacked up was my encounter with the Holocaust. They were part of the 6,000,000 Jewish
populace that Hitler killed.  I remember thinking of how the Bible refers to them as " God's Chosen Race."  Growing up I had heard many demeaning stories about those of the Jewish faith.  World War II
changed that.  My Company Commander, Capt. Max Schonberg, and a kid I promoted to my Platoon Sargent, Ed Malick, were both Jews.  They were very effective soldiers and personable friends.
Love,  Boppa John

P.S.  It was a year ago today that Jean passed away.  I want to thank each of you for your love and prayers that helped fill the void in my heart.  And, thanks be to God, I'm at peace knowing that Jean is in her heavenly home.
