ECONOMICS PROFESSOR'S FOIBLES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 3:
"Lord, we confess that we are unworthy sinners and do not deserve the goodness you shower upon us.  Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and mercy."

I don't know how many of you have heard of Jonathan Gruber.  He's an Economics Professor at M.I.T.  I also don't know what an economics professor at M.I.T. earns annually, but I do know that Professor Gruber was happy to accept a $400,000 stipend for helping to design the Affordable Care Act.  After getting his payment, you'd think he'd stay out of the spotlight, but these days several videos have surfaced with him saying the concept behind the Affordable Care Act was so unpopular that "a lack of transparency" in writing the law was a "huge political advantage" in getting it passed.  As was, he said "the stupidity of the American voter."  Since his videos, some politicians are scrambling to put as much distance as possible between themselves and Gruber.  Nancy Pelosi said that she "didn't know who he is."  Oops, a video then surfaced with her touting his analysis of the legislation.  And, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is on record as calling Gruber "one of the most respected economists in the world."  Just last week President Obama, when asked about Gruber's comments, said that Gruber was "just some advisor who wasn't on our staff."  Unfortunately for Gruber, other videos exist that may end up before the U.S. Supreme Court.  He is on record saying that certain subsidies the government now provides for insurance coverage were deliberately kept out of the law. This belief that Americans are a bunch of yahoos who don't know what's best for them is a new stance of the Constitution as a "living document."
Never mind what the Founders wrote, the Constitution means what today's arrogant, all-knowing, elite politicians say it means.  At any rate, the persistency of rising insurance rates and the fine for not signing up for insurance increasing from $95 to $325 this coming year are reflections of the difficulty that still persists in reaching young people and minorities.  Today's newspaper revealed results of a new Gallup poll that says disapproval of the Affordable Care Act is at an all-time high with 56% of all respondents disapproving.  I have no bones to pick with the Affordable Care Act...but, this is a Democracy and I resent the perception that we voters are so out of touch with today's politics that our opinions are shaped by cave paintings. .
Love,  Boppa John 
