HONEST HARRY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 107:
"Lord, you have redeemed us.  Help us to speak out and tell others of our great salvation."

Harry Truman is my hero.  When he authorized the two atomic bombings which ended World War II, he probably saved my life along with thousands and thousands of other G.I.s as well as the lives of many, many Japanese citizens whose leaders were committed to fighting a prolonged battle.  After Dwight Eisenhower was sworn in on January 20, 1953, Harry and his wife, Bess, boarded a regular Baltimore & Ohio train with a special car attached.  They had no Secret Service Agents as they headed home, and there were to be none watching over him.  Also, he was pretty much dead broke and had to make a loan from a D.C. bank.  He had no salary or pension from the federal government other than his army pension of $112.56 per month.  He would take no fees for commercial endorsements or for lobbying or writing letters or making phone calls.  He would accept no "consulting fees."  He agreed to write his memoirs and signed a big contract - $600,000.  But it was to be paid over five years, and the first payment came on delivery of a manuscript, so he had to hustle.  Harry wasn't a writer so he had to hire help. The book came out and it sold fine.  But, with the cost of staff, researchers, and office rent, his net profit was only $37,000 over five years.  Truman wasn't financially secure until five years after he left the White House, when he sold the farmland whose fields he had worked as a boy.  One time, he and Bess
drove to Washington D.C, and back to visit friends.  People would crowd around him to get his autograph when the pulled up at Diners to eat.  Can you imagine former U.S. Presidents (who now command $250,000 per speech} doing that??  When Mr. Truman passed away the day after Christmas in 1972 at the age of 88, one of his friends wrote:  "Harry feels that he's square with the world, that he gave it his best, and got its best in return."                          Love, Boppa John
