WAR CRIME TRIALS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 57:
"Our hearts are steadfast, O God, we will sing and make music;  we will praise you, O Lord, among the nations."

Often, at this time of the year, I think back to the November 1945 War Crime Trials in Nuremberg, Germany.  I was in and out of Nuremberg during the months-long trial and in hindsight I regret not stopping in and viewing part of the trial.  At that time I was a 22-year-old Lieutenant not much interested in historical events (as compared to  the event of leaving for home in the coming month of June.)  There were about 20 Major Nazis on trial and at the end of the trial, twelve of them were sentenced to death by hanging.  On the night before the hanging, Hermann Goering, the highest ranking Nazi, committed suicide.He swallowed a cyanide pill which he had hidden in a jar of his skin medication.  There were a series of lesser trials such as those of the Nazi Doctors who used live Jewish Prisoners for experimenting on new medical procedures (just as today's lab rats are used).  My involvement came during the trials of those Germans who were involved in the mistreatment or death of U.S. Airmen who had to parachute out of their flak-damaged planes onto German soil.  Actually, the German farmers had a pretty easy life as compared to city dwellers.  Farmers were never bombed and for the most part had many more nourishing things to eat than city dwellers.  Yet, there were cases where farmers went out with pitchforks and killed U.S. Airmen.  In many instances, German farmers would come forward after the war and "snitch" on their murdering neighbors.  Maybe they thought this would earn some points with their U.S. Occupying Army.  Anyhow, the job our outfit had for a few weeks was to transport these witnesses to Nuremberg when their particular trial came up.  Although these thoughts occur to me in November, the more important thoughts that occur to me daily are those of thanksgiving to God for his "mercy and goodness that follow me all the days of my life."...especially on this Veterans Day as I reflect on many of my companions who are now buried in France.
Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  The Christmas Cactus in my bay window is so hepped up about the coming holidays that it started to bloom yesterday!
