OUR PERU WYCLIFFE VISIT

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 138:
"Lord, I will bow down toward your holy temple and will praise your name."

A while back, I wrote about Jean and I flying in two small planes from the Wycliffe site to visit a missionary village on the Amazon river.  I'd like to tell you more about these very dedicated scripture translators.  Of the seven billion people on our planet, there are 180 million who speak in 1900 different languages but have no written word.  Since 1942, Wycliffe has sent out missionary translators to these third-world outposts to develop a written scripture.  We visited the Yarinacucha Wycliffe village near the mouth of the Amazon River in Peru.  I spent 27 years on the Bible League's Board of Directors, and we printed these  scriptures after a Wycliffe missionary would complete the translation, that's why I had an interest in visiting that area. By the way, that missionary village that we visited had a unique lifestyle.  Every 8 or 10  years when the nutrients in the soil would be depleted, the village would just abandon their buildings and start a new one from scratch  a few miles down the Amazon.  When kids reached the age of 13 or 14 they'd get married, move in with the Bride's parents and start having babies. There was also a rule that the Father and the Bridegroom were not permitted to converse with each other for the first year.    Jean and I lived with Eva and Wes Thiesen for our three  days in Yarinacucha.  Wes worked with the Bora tribe and after 15 years had completed a printed copy of the Bora New Testament.  Now he was working on a dictionary with a young Bora native who lived with them to help in the project.  On one of our days there, we all boarded  boats with a long row of two seats and a canopy and powered by an outboard motor.  After about a 30-minute trip down the river, we arrived at the La Brisa  lodge for lunch.  The owner of the lodge was a former lawyer from San Francisco who had built the restaurant and about twenty sleeping accommodations all on stilts near the shore of the river.  He bragged that his restaurant had a 5-star rating (it was pretty good, but I'd give it 4 stars).  The reason for the location of La Brisa is that this area is a fisherman's paradise.  Very wealthy fishermen would be flown in by pontoon planes and must have spent many $$$ to catch their trophy fish.  After we finished our sumptuous meal featuring durado fish, we head back to our second floor bedroom at the Thiesen residence for the mandatory afternoon siesta.  The temperature was 98° and since the Mangoes were dead ripe at this time of the year. they would crash down on our corrugated steel roof every 10 or 15 minutes.  Those of you who knew how much Jean hated hot weather can appreciate that she was not a happy camper.  Our visit with the Wycliffe people, however, was an inspirational experience.    Love, Boppa John
