...OF MICE AND MEN

Dear Family,  My Prayer today comes from Psalm 89:
"Lord, we praise you for righteousness and justice are the foundation of your throne.  Love and faithfulness go before you."

In recent studies the Medical Profession has established that a good night's sleep is not just a luxury, it's a necessity.  When our heads hit the pillow every night
we think we're surrendering to exhaustion, plus the noise, smells, smartphones, et al, of our daily grind, only to spring back into action when the alarm goes off. Scientists  are now revealing that  this thinking couldn't be further from the truth.  In fact, when the lights go out our brain starts working - but in an altogether different way than when we're awake.  At night, a legion of our brain's neurons spring into action.  These cells work in perfect synchrony, pulsing with electrical 
signals that wash over the brain.  When we're sleeping, our brain's actions are more powerful than any drug in the ability to restore and rejuvenate the human body.  During the day our body is more focused on getting things done than taking care of itself.  During a good 8 to 9 hours of sleep,  Bone building remedies wear and tear;  repairing muscle tears or injuries takes place; the skin cells churn out growth factors to maintain elasticity; the brain cells shrink, helping to clear out debris from a busy day.  Since the brains of mice are considered a good proxy for human brains, scientists can profit from many lab research projects.  Some research found that an army of previously ignored cells in the brain, called glial cells. turn into a massive pump when the body sleeps. This pump activity pushes the debris that the brain acquires after a  busy day, to the liver where it can be dumped like garbage.  The difference between the waking and sleeping brain is dramatic.  When the brain is awake, it resembles a busy airport, swelling with busy messages traveling from one neuron to another.  This activity inflates the size of brain cells until they take up 88% of the brain's volume.  The sleeping brain reduces the electrical activity to about 1/3 of its daytime activity.
The sleeping brain cell's shrinking allows the brain and spinal cord's fluid to slosh  back and forth between them.  Dr. Maiken Nedergaard writes. " It's like a dishwasher that keeps flushing through to wash the dirt away."  This is particularly important to we seniors.  Without the washing away, this molecular garbage starts to affect nearby healthy cells.  The consequence of this sleep deprivation is that it interferes with our ability to form and recall memories or plan even the simplest tasks.  I'm fortunate that in my retirement I can enjoy nine hours of sleep (and some nights ten hours).  And, this new research on the necessity of sleep allows me to do so without any feeling of shame.  But, more important is the realization that our awesome God has created intricate, efficient brains in billions of we mice and men.  Thanks be to God.
Love, Boppa Joh
