MAXWELL STREET

Dear Family,  My prayer today is from Psalm 81:
" Lord, we sing for joy to you who are our God and strength; we shout aloud to you the God of our forefathers."

Before there were Flea Markets, Thrift Stores, Sam's Club or Costco, there was Maxwell Street.  It was located just south of Roosevelt Road and extended both east and west of Halsted.  It was established in the 1880's by Jewish peddlers, many having previously carried their wares on their backs from hamlet to hamlet in Eastern Europe.  It was a crowded, loud and boisterous place when I was growing up.  Hawkers, spielers, pitchmen and hucksters would shout their wares while radios boomed and customers would be haggling prices in dozens of different languages.  In addition to the stores on either side of the street, push carts overloaded with merchandise would crowd the pavement wherever hawkers elected to take their stand.  The sellers may have been peddling junk but it was lucrative junk.  At the 2014 inflated value of the dollar, many street stall vendors could earn over $100,000 annually.  Jean once told me that although she usually had to wear "hand-me-downs" to school, on occasion her Dad would take a few of his daughters to Maxwell Street where he loved to practice his expertise at haggling to outfit the girls in new winter coats.  Also, when some of her Aunts and Uncles from Michigan would be in for a visit, They'd include Maxwell Street shopping on their agenda.  In a previous snippet, I wrote about HIRD PRODUCTIONS, a group of three of my buddies and I who would imitate records and perform at wedding receptions, bowling banquets, et al. for $25.  When we needed three wigs for our Andrew Sisters number plus a trumpet and a sax for the Spike Jones performance, we went to Maxwell Street and bought them for cheap.  There wasn't much of anything that one couldn't find there.
And, Chicago's long and well-deserved reputation for graft also played a role in some annual under-the-counter income.  They established the position of Market Master whose chief function was to get each Vendor to contribute each year to a $250,000 jackpot (given to the overlords of Maxwell Street).               
Some things never change.    Love, Boppa John
