TOO MUCH OF A GOOD THING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 102:
"Lord, my days are like evening shadow, I wither away like grass.  But You, O Lord, sit enthroned forever; your renown endures through all generations".

Medical researchers have determined that a small amount of alcohol, such as a daily glass of wine, is beneficial to our overall health.  Larger amounts can sometimes lead to addiction and propel one to finally attend weekly meetings of an Alcoholics Anonymous group.  Also, on average we consume about six ounces of sugar daily and it gives the body energy.  Consuming too much sugar, however, can lead to tooth decay and obesity.  I want to devote this snippet to the use of salt.  There are records of salt processing 6,000 years ago in Romania and the salt works of China. Salt provides valuable sodium which our bodies need to help nerves and muscles function.  Since the onset of my congestive heart failure two years ago, I have been restricted to 2,400 mg of sodium per day (that's the equivalent of one teaspoon of salt).  One gets so much sodium in prepared foods and restaurant meals that there's no longer any room for adding salt to fried eggs, french fries, etc.  I am amazed, however, at the effect salt consumption has on one's longevity.  Japan is the nation with the longest life expectancy in the world.  Included in that, is their Nagano region, about the size of Connecticut and located in the Japanese Alps.  Back in the early '80s Nagano had the highest rate of strokes, heart attacks and cerebral aneurysms in all of Japan.  The Nagano Dietary Association determined that much of he blame fell on a beloved, if unlikely, staple pickled vegetable dish called tsukemono.  Because Nagano is surrounded by mountains, residents had no access to fresh fish which makes up so much of the average Japanese diet.  For generations, all during the summer season, Nagano homemakers would be canning vegetables which contained copious amounts of salt. Nagano residents surveyed were consuming 15.1 grams of salt (three times the daily maximum of U.S.
dietary guidelines.)  The first step in boosting Nagano's life span was a campaign to reduce salt consumption.  Of Nagano's 2.1 million residents, there are now
some 4,500 Volunteers who host seminars and clinics at supermarkets, malls, and community centers.  The Japanese are a very disciplined people, and guess what!  Since 2010, Nagano has topped all of Japan in lifespans.  Women can expect to live an average of 87.2 years and men can look forward to an average of 80.9 years (the U.S. is 84.7 for women and 78 for men).  In 2010 the Kaiser Foundation did a study to determine the per capita cost of health care in many countries.  Japan's expenditure was $3,120 compared to the U.S cost of $8,233.  In the sermon on the mount, Jesus said, "You are the salt of the earth."  The good news is that by God's grace our daily words and deeds can have a healing effect in our little corner of the world.  Love, Boppa John 
