THE JOY OF GIVING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Matthew 6;
"Lord, in your word, you have told us to not store up for ourselves treasures on earth, but instead store them in Heaven.  We cherish your promise that where our treasure is, our hearts will also be."

Our Pastor is currently preaching a series of six sermons on THE TREASURE PRINCIPLE.  Each of these sermons is based on one of the six chapters in a small book by Randy Alcorn.  We were given a copy of the book and reading a chapter enhances each week's sermon.  I'm always amazed at how much I can still learn at the age of 89.  Any how, I'm really enjoying these sermons and we were encouraged to think of some incident where we first experienced the joy of giving.  The first time I realized the "Joy of Giving" occurred on my seventh birthday in 1931.  There weren't any World Missions or Home Missions Departments at that time, but our School gave to our "Indian Cousins" (as we called them) in Rehoboth, New Mexico.  On that birthday, I was able to give a penny for each of my seven years and deposit them in a jar our class was filling for this mission.  I know 7 cents doesn't count for much nowadays, but back then a penny would buy 5 root-beer barrels or 3 Maryjane caramels.  I can still remember the incident in that  it gave me great joy to help our poor Indian Cousins.  I'm a little perplexed with the words, "lay up for your selves" since we're saved by grace...but this scenario helps me to appreciate what the Bible tells us.  At this stage of my life the Lord has blessed me with everything I need and enough left over to give to several charities.  One of my favorites, is Mission India's  Children's Bible Club program where each dollar pays for some kid to go to a two-week Bible School  and learn  God's plan of salvation. In India, 85% of those who accept Christ will do so by age 14.  Over the years I've sponsored at least 1,000 of these kids and If I ever get the opportunity to hug just one of them in my eternal home, that will truly be a "Treasure in Heaven".
    Love, Boppa John
