EARLY VACATIONS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 23:
"Thank you Lord for your promise that goodness and mercy shall follow us all the days of our life."

Today is a perfect example of one of God's merciful days.  I'm writing this from the screened in pool area at Dorothy and Wendy's place in  Naples, Florida.
The temperature is 80o, and the skies are blue (it is 5o in Chicago).  As I contemplated this amazing contrast, I thought of my early vacations.  I never took a vacation with my parents...not because they left me at home, they just never took a vacation of their own.  About a year after I graduated from High School,
two friends and I took a train to South Haven, Michigan to spend a three-day weekend at a rustic resort called Sunnybrook Farm.  My next vacation came after getting discharged from 3 1/2 years in the army.  The U.S. didn't produce any civilian automobiles during the war years, but resumed production in 1946.
When I got discharged, I was able to buy a 1946 Ford (that had been used as a demonstrator) for $600.  Two of my buddies and I drove it to Colorado.  We stopped at my Aunt Tena Vander Laan's family for a visit and then began seeing the sights.  We had good weather and enjoyed driving up Pike's Peak, going around the Black Canyon of the Gunnison, et al.  It is truly a beautiful state.  The summer after that, I drove that same Ford with two other friends to Canada.
After taking in the Niagara Falls, we decided to head north.  We planned to spend the night in the fairly large city of Sudbury.  Unfortunately, their was some big convention going on and none of the motels had a vacancy.  In those years, motels were pretty sparse and primitive and all the gas stations closed by 10:00 PM.  Our tank was just about empty, so we drove to the police station and told the officer on duty of our plight.  He radioed one of his Policemen to come back to headquarters, lead us to some station where the proprietor's quarters were above the pump area and to wake him up.  That's what happened, and after this sleepy guy filled our tank, we were off to the next town where we found a vacancy.  Things were surely different 65 years ago, but we serve an unchanging God who always provides.          Love,  Boppa John
