R0SEBOWL PARADE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 104:
"We praise you. Lord. for you have placed springs in the valley and streams that gush from the mountains.  They give water for all to drink and the birds nest beside the streams and sing among the branches of the trees."

Jean and I have been to three Rosebowl Parades.  There are hundreds of thousands along the parade route, so one has to get a spot staked out pretty early.  I would usually
drive there (about 45 minutes away) with one of the Douma's.  We'd be loaded with blankets and folding lawn chairs and would spread them out for our group's arrival at about 10:00AM.  If you've never watched this parade on TV, this will be quite boring ... but here are some of the things I learned that had never occurred to me before seeing the parade in person.  The first parade was held on New Year's Day of 1890.  It consisted of horse-drawn carriages covered with flowers.  There was an agreement that if New
Year's Day fell on a Sunday, the parade would be scheduled for January 2.  Some Historians speculate that this change occurred because it was too disruptive to the many horses who were tethered with their carriages outside of churches along the parade route.  I never knew that it was forbidden to use anything that isn't  organic material such  as flowers, plants, seaweed, bark, veggies, etc on the outside of the float (nor can this material be painted or dyed).  The parade route is 5 1/2 miles long and it takes approximately  two hours to pass your vantage point.  One year that we attended there was a High School band from Holland, Michigan, marching by in much pain.  Can you imagine what it's like to march 5 1/2 miles in wooden shoes (some of the kids had discarded their Klompen and were marching in stocking feet).  Another year, Betty, Con,
Jean and I went to the staging area the day before the parade to watch the workers put the last touches of fresh flowers on the floats.  When we got to the Honda area, the
Executives there thought we were Honda Dealers and they treated us like kings (Hors d'hoeuvres, wine, souvenirs, etc.).  The Honda floats were always so spectacular! They'd
have 25-foot-high giants with special motorized "bowing" devices so that they could clear the viaducts along the route.  One of my midwest misconceptions was that the Rose Bowl Football Game was the main event and that the parade was added later.  WRONG.  The first  football game was actually played 12 years after the first parade, and that
was to raise some extra $$$ to help parade staging area expenses.  One last comment ... one Fourth of July weekend we stayed in South Haven, Michigan, with several of our friends.  They advertised that the town was sponsoring a parade at 9:00 AM.  So, we hurried through breakfast to get to the parade.  It consisted of four Boy Scouts bearing  an American flag, one National Guard Tank, and eight American Legion guys.  So in my 89 years, I've witnessed 3 two-hour parades and 1 two-minute parade.
Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  As i'm sending the above out this A.M. our outside thermometer reads -14o F.    What a blessing that we aren't numbered among the Homeless!
