INSURANCE FRAUD

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 92:
"We proclaim, Lord, that you are our rock; you are upright and faithful.  Thank you Lord for all of your blessings."

When I owned my first auto over 65 years ago and my first home 60 years ago, the amounts of insurance premiums in relation to the coverage were minuscule.  Have you noticed how obscene they are these days?  According to the FBI, insurance companies collect more than $1 trillion in premiums each year.  Also, the FBI estimates insurance fraud costs the industry $40 billion annually.  That adds $400 to $700 in increased premiums per household each year to honest blokes like you and I.  This increase crossed my mind when I read about how some of the citizens of the small town of Vernon, Florida discovered a way out of poverty by defrauding insurance companies.  Nobody knows how the practice began in the '50s and '60s, (maybe it was a farm or sawmill accident) but when word got out that so-and-so got a check for tens of thousands of dollars for accidentally losing one of his limbs, these hillbillies were astounded.  By the time the '60s rolled around, this little town of about 700 was responsible for roughly two-thirds of all loss-of-limb-related insurance claims in the U.S.
One of the articles in the TAMPA TIMES reported:  "There was a man who took out insurance with about 30 companies  He was a farmer who normally drove around his farm in his stick-shift pickup truck.  This day - the day of the accident - he drove his wife's automatic transmission car and he lost his left foot.  If he'd been driving his pickup, he'd have to use that foot for the clutch.  He also had a tourniquet in his pocket.  When asked why he had it, he said 'Snakes, in case of a snake bite.'  He'd taken out so much insurance that the premiums cost more than his income.  He collected more than a million dollars from all the companies.  It was hard to make a jury believe a man would shoot off his foot."  So, he walked away a one-footed millionaire.  Although the insurers attempted
to bring lawsuit action against some of these people, not one was convicted of insurance fraud.  Isn't that a shame??  I'd much prefer to give that extra $400+ to some worthy charity than lose it to those insured-fraud scammers.  And, this year Florida leads all states in scamming the U.S. out of billions of income tax rebates.  The scammers purchase lists of i00 tax payers for $1000; then they print up bogus W2 forms and collect.  Because so many poor folks don't have a bank account one is allowed to collect the refund via a prepaid credit card.  So far, our Government hasn't been able to come up with a solution to solve this mass ripoff.
Love,  Boppa John
