HELP WANTED (I.N.N.A.)

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 132:
"Thank you Lord for your promise to bless your chosen ones with abundant provisions for all their needs.  And, your promise to clothe us with salvation and cause your saints to ever sing for joy."

Sometime ago I wrote about the trip that Jean and i took to Ireland in 1998.  Now I'm taking a course at Trinity on IMMIGRATION TO AMERICA and I'd like to expand on how the Irish fared in the USA.  When they left Ireland during the Great Potato Famine of 1845 -7, their health was so poor that their relatives who stayed behind often had a farewell service that pretty much followed the structure of a Funeral Wake.  Some British Landlords would book passage to America for their tenants.  In October 1847, a ship carrying 477 emigrants to America had to bury at sea 107 of these poor souls who died of dysentery and fever.  The ones who made it to America were so poor that 87 of them were practically naked for the journey and  had to be clothed be American charity groups before they could leave the ship.  Of the immigrants who tried to get jobs here in our land of plenty, they were lucky of find only the lowest paying labor tasks (digging a canal with pick and shovel, etc.)  There wasn't such a thing as being "Politically Correct" back in the mid-eighteen hundreds.  That Help Wanted sign posted in office and store windows usually carried I.N.N.A. (Irish Need Not Apply).  Rhetoric at that time, also described the Irish peasants as shiftless, drunken, sexually promiscuous, donkey-strong but mentally deficient.  Of all the immigrant groups coming to America, the Irish had the toughest time.  Since it was so tough finding a decent job, younger Irishmen began to work their way into police forces, fire departments, and later into politics.  That movement is reflected in our work force today where generations of politicians and policemen follow in their father's footsteps.  Anyhow, that's the story of how Ireland lost 25% of it's population during those three years of the Great Potato Famine...one million died and another million left the country.
History often reflects how very fortunate most of us are in being so richly blessed by our Savior.        Love, Boppa John 
