STARVATION//SURPLUS//SOLUTION

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 86:

"Lord, you are a compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger and abounding in love and faithfulness."

I never saw the film HUNGER GAMES, but it must have been pretty popular since now the producers are releasing a sequel.  I have always had a healthy appetite and I continue to  rejoice that God has placed me i a country and culture where I never have to experience hunger.  One time during World War II when our outfit was cut off for three or four days, the only thing we had to eat were some German rations we had captured...they were awful!.  The rations consisted of large cans (about 4 to 5 inches in diameter and about 9 or 10 inches tall).  They had potatoes on the bottom, then a layer of pig's feet, and topped by a layer of turnips.  Obviously, each can was meant to feed 4 or 5 soldiers after the contents were heated up.  We couldn't heat them since we were under enemy fire.  After a couple of hungry days I nibbled at some of the cold potatoes .  But the cold pig's feet and turnips never made it into my stomach.  Speaking of military rations, I read an interesting quote this week from Tom Vilsack, the secretary of agriculture.  Vilsack stated that although rural America makes up only 16% of the U.S. population, approximately 35% of military recruits come from rural America.  My personal experience in WW II was that farm kids usually were first-rate soldiers.
The World Hunger Organization estimates that 3,000,000 children (ages 5 and under) starve to death each year.  It's by far the biggest contributor to child mortality.  This, in spite
of the huge surplus of food in other parts of the world.  In the U.S. alone it is estimated that 40% of the food produced goes uneaten.  That's an annual total waste worth some
$165 billion.  There are several Christian Charities which keep chipping away at a solution to this problem.  Some produce high-protein, shelf-stable bags of edible foodstuffs which can be distributed in third world countries where the problem of malnutrition is most severe.  Last year I heard on the radio about an organization in Canada that has a unique process staffed mostly by volunteers.  There's a huge population of wild geese in this one Province.  This outfit slaughters a number each day; bones them out and cooks the meat which is then sealed in large hermetically-sealed cans and shipped out.  In the a recent issue of the Chicago Sun Times, an article reported that the United Nations believes we are closing in on a solution for ending this malnutrition problem in Africa in the next 1 or 2 decades.  According to the U.N., we have the technology, the expertise, and the things that we need to do it.  In the meantime, we'll keep working on one of our Country's problems ... Obesity.            Love,  Boppa John.
