R.F.D. (RURAL FREE DELIVERY) 

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 73:
"Lord, it is good to be near you.  We have made you our refuge and we will tell of all your deeds."

About twenty years before my time, people who were born on a farm like me would have to hitch up there wagon and go to the nearest town's Post Office to pick up their mail.  Since there was such a large percentage of citizens living in the boondocks, Congress passed the R.F.D. act which provided free delivery to these outlying residences .  My brother Marty and his buddy John Van Kampen bought some camping equipment and decided to drive their Model A car down to Texas and set up camp along the Rio Grand river for the winter.  I was about 10 years old at the time, and I can still remember the thrill it was to receive an answer to one of my letters to Marty.  My letters were addressed to "Martin Rosier, General Delivery, (I can't recall the name of the Texas Town)".  Marty and John would drive to town once a week to buy supplies and pick up their mail.  Our return address in Evergreen Park, as I recall, included an RFD Rte #.  At that time, first class postage was 3 cents, and guess what!  Calculating the buying power a dollar in 1934 with 2015 shows that 3 cents postage would convert to 53 cents today (so, we're actually getting a bargain with today's 49 cent stamp.)
Home Delivery was another rural perk back then.  Although most of the bread consumed each week was home baked, my Mom had a Bakery Man who would come into the house with a basket full of sample sweet rolls, pies, cookies, etc, take the order and go out to his truck to fill it.  This same procedure would apply to the other delivery men (there was even a guy who sold some Buttermilk, sour, dutch soup that my parents loved and we kids despised.)  My brother George even got into the
act.  He bought a closed-in delivery truck and had a route of Fruit and Vegetables.  He'd go in with his sample basket, take the orders, and return to our house where I filled the orders while he would be out getting more orders.  Then, he'd come back and pick up, deliver and collect for the orders I had bagged.  The two stores in town also had delivery men to deliver and collect...some of these would be phone-in orders and some would have to be drive-out orders where the farmers didn't yet have phones.  The summer Ice Deliveries were unique.  A large card imprinted "ICE" would be displayed in one's front window and the homeowner would indicate whether the delivery was to be 100, 50. or 25 lbs. by positioning the card...straight up would be 100 lbs. upside down 50 lbs, etc.  So, that's how we survived in the old days.  And it's also why we have to get an 8-year-old kid to help us when we have a problem with our computers .
Love,  Boppa John
