FALL GUY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 33:
"We praise you, Lord, for your word is right and true; you are faithful, Lord, in all you do."

If some visitor from a foreign country asked you to explain the term Fall Guy, how would you do it?
Wikipedia has a pretty good description , "Fall Guy is a colloquial phrase that refers to a person to whom blame is deliberately and erroneously attributed in order to deflect responsibility or blame from another party."  My subject today isn't about that type of Fall Guy, it's about falls that elderly men and women take, especially in winter.  I read in an article by the Centers for Disease Control that about 30,000 Americans  are killed each year from falls. That's second only to the death toll of fatal auto accidents.  An emergency room physician at Northwestern  Memorial Hospital estimates that they get at least 10 cases on a morning of an icy day as opposed to one or two when it's dry.  Last week I had to negotiate an icy driveway  (which I hope will be our last for the season) in order to retrieve my newspapers.  My Physicians and Daughters always remind me to be careful, and believe me, I am super slow and careful.  The emergency room personnel say most of the injuries are classified as
FOOSH (Falls On Out-Stetched Hand) and last year the 2.4 million falls treated at hospitals resulted
in a staggering $30 billion in medical costs.  In speaking of fatalities, one more thing.  I was saddened about those 150 innocent lives lost in that German airline's crash in the Alps.  In my 45 years at Swift, where many of my friends flew on business trips, the only fatality that ever occurred also came as a result of a pilot's suicide.  My good friend, Luke Fraatz, retired about the same time as I did.  When his wife passed away, Luke would occasionally attend Elder Hostels.  On 10/31/99 Luke flew to JFK  to catch a flight to Cairo, Egypt and planned to attend a 10-day class there on ancient Egyptian Culture.  Shortly after takeoff, the Egyptian Copilot dove the plane into the Atlantic Ocean, killing all 217 aboard.  As the plane was going down he repeatedly shouted in Arabic on the intercom, "I rely on Allah".  It turned out in the investigation that he had been severely reprimanded by his boss for sexual
harassment.  Guess what, his boss happened to be one of the 217 on that flight.  Speaking of flights,
none of us know when or how the Lord will call us home, but the Boy Scouts have a pretty good motto, BE PREPARED.      Love, Boppa John  
