COMPLICATED GRIEF vs AT PEACE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 97:
"The heavens proclaim your righteousness, O Lord, and all the people see your glory."                                                     

My brother Marty, who was 14 years older than me, used to tell of a scary experience he had as a young boy.  For some reason, he was home alone one afternoon when all the rest of the family had gone out visiting.  Our nearest neighbor on the farm lived about 1/2 mile away.  Marty heard some noise outside, and when he looked out the window, there was a guy whom the villagers called "Crazy Al" walking around the house with a wheelbarrow full of manure which he would shovel against the base of our farmhouse before going to the barn to reload.  We had no telephone, so all Marty could do was to shakily lock all the doors and windows and hope Al wouldn't break in before my folks got home...he didn't.  The reason I'm telling this tale is that Al was a World War I veteran who was "Shell-
Shocked."  That's the term Psychiatrists used at that time for what today is known as PTSD (post-
traumatic stress disorder).  I thought about that when I read an article yesterday about Complicated Grief.  Often, this is mistaken for depression but is unique in several respects.  Per one expert, "Depression is a profound sadness without a specific purpose."  In Complicated Grief there is an overwhelming sadness for a loved one who has passed away.  Since this emotion can go on and on for years, Psychiatrists are still experimenting with treatments to combat this "grief that won't end."
A Columbia University Psychiatrist writes:  "People need to learn how to make peace with the finality and consequences of a loss and to envision their own life as holding the possibility of happiness." 
During her last four weeks of hospice care, Jean sort of summed that up in five words.  She said over and over, "Remember Hon, life goes on."  I'm so grateful for the peace that God has given me.  I know that's much easier for we who rely on God's promise for eternal peace.
Love, Boppa John
