THE SOUND OF MUSIC

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from Psalm 2:
"Father, thank you for the promise in your word where you tell us, 'Blessed are all who take refuge in the Lord,"  and we are grateful that you have adopted us into your family.

"The BRAIN is alive, with the sound of music!"  Actually, that's not quite true...it's not just the SOUND,
it's the music LESSONS that count.  Experts have conducted studies that show that music lessons are a way to get smarter.  And, ideally, the lessons should start before a child reaches the age of nine.  So, if you have young kids, grandkids ar great-grandkids, listen up!  A growing number of these studies show that music lessons provide benefits for the long run, as we age.  They give us added defense against memory loss and cognitive decline.  The reason is that musical training can have a profound and lasting impact on the brain.  It creates additional neural connections in childhood that can last a lifetime and thus compensate for cognitive decline later in life.  What's unique about playing an instrument is that it requires a wide array of brain regions and cognitive functions to work together simultaneously in both left and right hemispheres of the brain.  Now, allow me to give my personal experience.  When I was 8 or 9, I took piano lessons.  After about a month, I had to play differently with each hand.  I am so uncoordinated (as proven by my poor, lifetime athleticism) that there was no way I could master this technique and I talked my parents into letting me quit taking lessons.  One of the larger benefits of early music lessons, is the later life ability to quickly and accurately distinguish consonants and spoken words.  When a contestant on Wheel of Fortune asks for a "D", I marvel that Pat immediately answers  (while I'm  thinking, "Was that a G, P, T, V, or Z?)  People who don't have my problem always tell me to put my hearing aids in.  But, usually the volume isn't too soft for me, although this is a problem of some hearing-impaired folks, it's my inability to quickly and accurately distinguish consonants. When I go to a movie, I ask for the "reading device"...It has three lines and prints out all the dialogue.  I can read this as fast as it appears and have no trouble keeping up. The fact that theaters have this device available free of charge indicates that there must be lots of people who have my disability in hearing consonants. This impairment in no way diminishes my gratefulness to God for all the daily old-age blessings he showers on me.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  For you folks who don't live in Illinois, I just want to tell you that our temperature, as I write this,
is minus  seven degrees fahrenheit and this is the coldest February on record  (I'm still waiting for global warming to set in).    
