THE ART OF STEALING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 139:
"Search me, O Lord, and know my heart; test me and know my anxious thoughts.  Lord, lead me in the way everlasting."

Unless you are a baseball fan, this will be a very boring snippet, and I'd  advise you to hit the delete key.  When I first retired in 1986, Jean and I, with another couple, would go to six Chicago Cub games every season.  But, I don't think I've been to Wrigley Field for almost twenty years now.  I was privileged to go to a Cub game two weeks ago and was amazed at all the changes.  Since the post-season playoffs begin this week, I want to write about a special player who is added to the roster of many playoff teams...the Base Stealer.  When outs are at a premium, there's value in advancing to scoring position without sacrificing an out with a bunt or right side ground ball.  Since Steals are at their lowest rate since 1973, with 0.53 a team per game, it makes sense to add a pinch runner to your lineup with a great track record of stealing bases.  (As an example, the Cubs promoted Quinton Berry who was
30 for 30 with three previous playoff teams.)  Rico Noel of the New York Yankees says,  "There's a lot that goes into it, not just being fast.  There are fast guys who can't steal bases, and there are just average runners who can, there's an art to it."  With today's advanced, electronic monitoring, teams can check how long it takes for an opposing pitcher to throw to the plate and the pop time for catchers to throw to second base.  On average, that's 1.4 seconds for the pitcher and 2.0 seconds for the catcher.  With a 15-foot leadoff, the fast pinch runner can cover that remaining 75 feet to second in
2.9 or 3.0 seconds...well faster than the necessary 3.4 second threshold.  The runners top speed reaches 21.8 MPH.    The base-steling Pros who are added to the playoff rosters, usually average about 90%. The most famous stolen base in baseball history occurred in the ninth inning of game four of the 2004 American League  Championship Series between the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox.  The Red Sox had lost the first three games of that series when their Dave Roberts stole a base leading to the tying run, an eventual  victory, and the Red Sox historic comeback to win the next three games.  The Red Sox don't end their 86-year championship draught without that stolen base.  So, that covers the art of stealing;  but the art of pitching is much more important.  For a life-long Cub fan, I'm just thrilled that this young team has come this far.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Last week , Daughter Kim told her GrandDaughter Stella, they would turn the TV on and watch the Cub's game.  When the TV came on, Stella said, "That's not Wigley Field!"  (She had been to a Cub's game this summer).  "You're right." said Kim, "They are playing in Pittsburgh."  Can you imagine a four-year-old who had already attended a game??  When I was four, the only time I got away from the farm was to go to church on Sunday.
