OCTOBER 7, 2015

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord, you have paid a full ransom for your people; now we are always free to come to you.  Lord, we praise your name forever."

There has been a large blood pressure study going on involving 9,300 people age 50 and over.  All of the participants in this study began with a systolic blood pressure of about 140, taking an average of two medications.  One half of the participants continued to take their normal medications and their systolic blood pressure remained at about the 140 level.  The other half were given an additional medication to aggressively lower their blood pressure to a 120 high.  "More intensive management of high blood pressure in people 50 years and over 50 can save lives and reduce cardiovascular complications like strokes," said Gary Gibbons, Director of the Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.  The study thus far has indicated that this reduction of systolic blood pressure from 140 down to 120 has reduced the risk of death by 25%.  This study has not been completed and published as yet, but a Board overseeing the welfare of patients in the study decided to end the trial early because the results were so strong.  The Board considered it unethical to hide the results from patients in the study.  But, don't expect early changes in the current management of blood pressure; that's because these results are preliminary and haven't

Hi!  Kim came over to check on me after receiving my snippet (she thought I had passed out at my computer...actually, I had left for my workout and then had to go from there to my Seniors class at Trinity).  Any how, I don't know what happened, but here's the end of my snippet:

"Don't expect early changes in the current management of blood pressure; that's because these results are preliminary and haven't yet been published.  I've had my share of ailments in my 91 years, but have been blessed to always have a normal blood pressure of 120.  That's where the date in my heading, 10/7/15, comes into play.  That's the date that the Chicago Cubs will have a one-game
wild card meeting with the Pittsburgh Pirates to determine which team gets into the playoffs...
I'll try to keep my blood pressure in the 120 range.
Love, Boppa John 
