STUFF

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 119:
"Lord, teach us your ways.  We have recited your laws and rejoice in them.  We value them more  than riches."

We all have stuff.  We see it, want it, and buy it.  Have you noticed that things we used to put in the "want" category keep getting shifted into the "need" category, and we feel we can't get along without them?  There are now more than 30,000 self-storage facilities in the U.S. for people to store their stuff...and this industry didn't even exist in the 1960s.  Now we spend $12 billion a year just  to pay someone to store our extra stuff.  About twenty years ago, Jean and I were driving from San Francisco to Los Angeles when we spotted a sign advertising tours through Hearst Castle.  We thought we'd take the tour and booked a motel near there for the night.  William Randolph Hearst was a "stuffaholic."  He had 3,500-year-old Egyptian statues, medieval tapestries, and some of the greatest works of art of all time.  He built a house of 72,000 square feet to put his stuff in.  He acquired property for his house, 265,000 acres, and he originally owned fifty miles of California coastline.  He collected stuff for eighty-eight years.  Then you know what he did?  He died.  That was shortsighted.  Now,I'll bet when people go through his house by the thousands, they all say the same thing,"Wow, he sure had a lot of stuff."  When I was growing up, there used to be junkyards where people could dump there unwanted stuff.  But, junkyards and dumps are sad words...nowadays they are called landfills.  Filling up land with more land sounds positive.  Who doesn't want the world to have more land?  In the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus gave us this sage advice:  "Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.  But, store up for yourselves treasures in Heaven.  For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also."
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Daughter Kim says I drive too fast for my age, and she's probably right.  So I made a small sign:
SLOW DOWN,  and taped it to my dashboard.  Last week I went for the test drive for my annual Driver's License renewal and I judiciously put the small sign in my glove compartment.  I passed with flying colors and am now good until 3/17/17.  I again mounted the sign on my dashboard, and, who knows, I may even be around in 1917  (with my slow driving).
