TAX TIME

Dear Family,  My prayer for today comes from Psalm 81:
"Father we thank you for you have fed us with the finest of wheat; with honey from the rock, you have satisfied us.  Thank you, Lord, for your faithfulness."

The anti-tax mantra is so steadily chanted in this country, a lot of people don't realize that if you use the world as a model, we have it good,  The average American pays about a quarter of his or her income in taxes, which puts us 25th on the list of developed nations.  In the European Union the average is about 1/3rd of income (with Denmark, Belgium, Italy and Greece paying over 40% of their income in taxes).  Of course, some of this increase is offset by government benefits such as free medical care.
The U.S. is the third highest in Corporate Taxes which often lowers our competitiveness when bidding on export business.  Where individual income taxes come into play,  a large majority of U.S. taxpayers
take the standard  rather than itemized deductions.  Mortgage interest plus State and local taxes account for about 1/3 of all itemized deductions.  Charitable contributions only account for 12% of deductions.  This is where aging fossils like me sneak in (I got this idea from Randy Alcorn, one of my favorite authors).    My charitable contributions account for 55% of my deductions.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not making any big sacrifices in my lifestyle...I just think that I know of a lot better uses for that money than do many of our wasteful Politicians.  Last year my total income tax was $9.00 and it sure felt good giving to a lot of worthy charities.  I add up my property taxes, utility bills, guesstimated food bills, cleaning ladies, out-of-pocket medical expense, et al from the previous year to estimate what's left over for this year's monthly contributions...then I keep track of each contribution to make sure I don't give to an individual charity more than once every 3 months (except to my church).  So, keep this plan in mind when you reach your 90's,  I guarantee you'll love the results.
Love, Boppa John
