TWO THOUSAND YEARS LATER

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from Psalm 89:
"Lord, we praise you , for righteousness and justice are the foundations of your throne.  Love and
faithfulness go before you."

I have been having a year-long fight with the READER'S DIGEST.  Two weeks after we buried Jean,
I received a call on 9/19/13 from someone who purported to be from the DIGEST and he said my subscription was running out in November.  He added that costs to publish were increasing and they were contemplating raising the subscription cost from $29.96 annually up to $54.  But, said he, if I were to commit for three years, he could sign me up for $39.99.  At that time, I was still contemplating how to best cope with Jean gone, and didn't want to bother with such mundane things as magazine subscriptions so I gave him my credit card number.  When I got my credit card statement later, I noticed that my payment of $119.97 had gone to READER'S DIRECT (not to the Reader's Digest).  I wondered how this outfit got my info.  On the last page of each issue, I noticed a paragraph of very small print.  I used a magnifying glass to read: "Reader's Digest may share information about you with reputable companies..."  Can you imagine printing this in minuscule type in the LARGE PRINT DIGEST?  Over the past year I have written two letters to READER'S DIRECT (both of which were returned by the Post Office marked "Not deliverable as addressed, unable to forward."  I have also written the Digest's Large Print division in Harlan, Iowa twice, their editor-in-chief in White Plains,
N.Y. three times without ever getting a reply.  I kept telling them that since their small print disclaimer advised that my info was being shared by a REPUTABLE company, and instead was sold to a SCAMMER, the Digest owed me a rebate.  Then I wrote the Better Government Association (no reply)
and the Council of Better Business Bureaus (no reply).  I was determined to keep pursuing them for a full rebate, and finally wrote Mr. Mark Kirk, my United States Senator.  His office got on it right away and got the Federal Trade Commission on the case.  Guess what!  I received a call from a gal in the Milwaukee Reader's Digest Office saying they were sending me a money order for $119.97.  Why would a multi-million $$$ outfit send a money order instead of a check??  You guessed right, they don't want their name on any payment (which  would indicate their culpability).  My money order came from a small magazine distributer in Liburn, GA.  In Luke 18, we read the parable Jesus told about the persistent Widow who kept bugging the Judge until he finally said to himself, "Even though I don't fear God or care about men, yet because this widow keeps bothering me, I will see that she gets justice.."  So now, almost 2,000 years after the parable, a persistent 90-year-old Widower can also stop "bugging" and get justice.  Isn't the Providence of God terrific?
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Ray Hammerschmidt died last week.  Ray worked out at my Fitness Center three days a week (even though he celebrated his 99th birthday last August.)  I'll miss kidding him about setting the bar too high for the rest of we old folks.
