CONCUSSIONS

Dear Family,  My prayer today is from Psalm 119:
"Father God, when we are discouraged, you revive us with your word.  Thank you, Lord, for giving us your instructions."

One day when my brother Marty was about 12 or 13, he was home alone on our farm since the rest of the clan were out visiting friends.  He heard some commotion out side and when he looked out the window he saw this crazy guy shoveling manure against the bottom of our house,  When his wheelbarrow was empty, he'd refill it from the manure pile behind our barn.  Marty was really scared and he made sure all the windows were locked.  We didn't have a phone in those days, so poor Marty couldn't call anyone.  Luckily, after about an hour or so, the manure-shoveler must have gotten tired and left.  It turned out that he was a World War I veteran who was shellshocked.  During that war, infantrymen occupied deep trenches and were bombarded week after week with artillery barrages. Medics, at that time. speculated that these continuing daily barrages could inflict concussions on some of these troops, leading to a shell shocked condition.  Some of these veterans had to be committed to asylums, but many (like Marty's manure shoveler) were simply discharged.  This group often committed bazar activities because of their brain damage.  There's a movie coming out during the coming holidays entitled CONCUSSIONS.  In the movie, Will Smith plays a "Whistle Blower" doctor who exposes the danger of football concussions.  There have been seven High School football deaths already this season because of concussions.  Also, several NFL stars, such as the Bears Dave Duerson,  have committed suicide by shooting themselves in the heart (so that Neurologists could examine their brains in search of some future preventive procedure).  Military suicides in the Iraq and Afghanistan have averaged 22 per day...that's about 8,000 per year.  I must confess that I'm an avid football fan and hope that better measures can be found to protect the players.
Love, Boppa John
