BETTER THAN CIGARS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 86:
"O Lord, you are great and do marvelous deeds, you alone are God.  Thank you for all your blessings

When we think of imports from Cuba, we mostly think of vintage, hand-made cigars costing several dollars each.  Now as President Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro move to normalize relations, their countries are starting to team up on medical research.  Surprisingly, Cuba has long been a leader in in the development of medical treatments,  from laying the groundwork to cure malaria to more recent advances in biotechnology to battle hepatitis, meningitis, diabetes and cancer.
The first step in the new relationship was an agreement for the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo to test a vaccine developed  by Cuba's Center for Molecular Immunology.  Roswell's CEO, Candace Johnson advises, "Cuba has an extremely innovative group of scientists.  They're just brimming with ideas."  Roswell will be testing a Cuban-made lung cancer vaccine called Climavax.
Rather than attacking a tumor directly, the treatment starves it of growth factors.  A naturally occurring
protein in the body, called EGF, signals cells to grow and divide, including those in the cancerous tumor.  The Climavax vaccine stimulates the body's immune response, targeting the EGF and limiting or stopping the tumor's growth.  Since Cuba has struggled economically for decades, their Scientists
have been forced to figure out how to prevent diseases in their own way.  As an example, in the U.S., if a patient has a stroke, Doctors can administer an MRI to see what is happening in the patient's brain.  The MRI scanner costs millions of dollars.  Cubans use an older, cheaper procedure.  Total price tag: $20.000.  Our Doctors could use this cheaper technology in the rural parts of the USA which don't have access to the multimillion dollar MRI scanners.  So, now you know why our break-through with the Cuban Medical Community is far better than those vintage, hand-made cigars.
Love,  Boppa John
P.S.  Twelve years ago last Friday, the Cleveland Cavaliers won the NBA draft lottery for the rights to draft Le-Bron James.  Less than a day earlier, James had signed a shoe deal with Nike worth $90
million.  (Bet that took the edge off his two remaining weeks of high school.)
