HOOKED

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord, we who are thankful, should think and ponder on all you have done...for your miracles demonstrate your honor, majesty, and eternal goodness."

They're the most powerful painkillers ever invented...and they're creating the worst addiction crisis America has ever seen.  I'm not talking about dark alleys and drug dealers.  This starts in doctor's offices with everyday people seeking relief from pain and suffering.  Around the nation, doctors so frequently prescribe the drugs known as opioids for chronic pain from conditions like arthritis , lower-
back injuries and migraines.  In fact, there are enough pills prescribed every year to keep every American adult medicated around the clock for a month.  The longer patients stay on the drugs. which are chemically related to heroin and trigger a similar biological response, including euphoria, the higher the chances are they will become addicted.  When doctors, regulators and law enforcement officials try to curb access, addicted patients buy the pills on the black market, where they are plentiful.  About three years before Jean died, she came down with a bad case of shingles and her doctor prescribed Lyrica (two tablets every four hours, four times daily.)  They curbed her pain, but after about a month she started saying confusing things and Deb, Kim and I told her she had to get off the Lyrica.  Fortunately, her doctor found some non-habit-forming patches that seemed to work (they cost $16 per day) and Jean had these applied to her back until the day she died. Most of the Opioid users aren't fortunate enough to find a non-addictive substitute that will relieve their chronic pain.  Of the 9.4 million Americans who take opioids for long-term pain, 2.1 million are estimated by the National Institutes of Health to be hooked and are in danger of turning to the black market.  Now, 4 of 5 heroin addicts say they came to the drug from prescription painkillers.  So, if your doctor prescribes Vicodin, Demerol, Morphine or some other opioid, be very careful to limit your dosage.  And, if you're blessed by not having chronic pain, give thanks to God for that marvelous blessing!
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Most folks know that drinking tea has some good health benefits.  However, folks don't know that bottled tea, which is so popular in supermarkets these days, has none of these health benefits.
So, keep brewing that tea at home...the old fashioned way.
