DOWN ON THE FARM

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 95:
"Father in heaven, we come before you with thanksgiving, we extol you with music and song.  For you, our Lord are a great God, the great king above all gods."

When I was growing up our family had a "wind-up" phonograph.  I have no idea where it came from;
but one thing sure, it was the Great Depression and our collection of records was very scant.  One record that I  often played was published in 1918, the end of World War I, and written about our troops returning from their battles in Europe.  The lyrics are indelibly etched in my brain:  "How're we going to keep them down on the farm, after they've seen Paree?"  That song popped into my thought process when I read in today's newspaper that net income for U.S. farmers is expected to fall by nearly 32 percent this year because of low crop prices and increasing expenses.  Today's farmers cultivate and plant hundreds of acres, as opposed to the small 10-acre farms that were so prevalent
in my boyhood.  There are 10 acres in two city blocks and about 100 years ago, some developer divided Evergreen Park into many of these segments and offered them for sale.  They were mostly scooped up by families who had come from Germany and the Netherlands.  Each early spring would usher in the time to prepare "Hot Beds".  These were a connected series of about 4' X 5' frames, 12"
to 15" deep.  Glass sash, 4' x 5' had to be built (or last year's sash repaired).  Horse manure was stacked on the outside of the row of hot beds and thick roll up mats  of cane were constructed to provide evening protection from frost.  Then the seeding began...tomato seeds, onions, head lettuce,
etc.  Each day that the sun  shone, the mats would be rolled up so the rays of the sun could nourish the seedlings.  About the middle of May, when the danger of frost had passed, the young plants would be transplanted to the farm in rows of about a half block long.  As they matured, they had to be weeded and cultivated.  The family work rules mandated that as soon as one reached the age of five,he had to begin working (6 days per week from 8:00 to 5:00).  I was always glad when the 4th of July came around since that (supposedly) meant that the bulk of that year's weeding was complete.
When the crop was ready to harvest, 3 or 4 truckloads each week would be picked, washed and stacked on the truck for a 2:00 or 3:00 AM trip to the market.  Once there, the trucks would back up to the long dock and the price haggling with buyers would begin.  I remember that in our church congregation there were a couple of Scalpers.  A Scalper owned a truck, but had no farm.  He would haul to market and sell for a small commission, loads from local farmers who didn't want to do this time-consuming task.  After he sold that load, he'd go up and down the dock to buy boxes of vegetables to be delivered to his retail store owner customers, again at a small commission.  This, of course, was before Supermarkets when there were small stores located almost every couple of blocks throughout the city.  My brother Marty always liked farming, and when he got married he built his home on a 7-acre farm (which he farmed part time while holding a regular job).  Marty gave me the only part of farm-life that I enjoyed...when I'd ride to the market with him at 3:00 AM, he'd stop at a bakery on the way home and buy me a huge sweet roll for three cents.  Years later, I was over joyed when my Dad sold the farm and I could begin my 45-year career with Swift & Company as a $15 per week messenger. 
Love, Boppa John  
