PENICILLIN

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 23:
"Dear Lord, thank you for your promise that goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life,
and that I will dwell in your house forever."

Almost everyone knows of the importance of our two atomic bombs in World War II,  but few know of the effectiveness of Penicillin in saving many of our wounded troops.  Penicillin antibiotics were the first medication to be effective against many fatal bacterial infections.  By June, 1942, just enough penicillin was produced to treat ten patients.  After a world-wide search in 1943, a moldy cantaloupe in Peoria, Illinois, was found to contain the best strain of mould for producing penicillin.  That led to the mass production of enough Penicillin to make it available for our troops hitting the Omaha beach June 4, 1944.  It made a major difference in the number of deaths and amputations caused by infected wounds in  the Allied Forces, saving an estimated 12% to 15% of lives.  I even got into the act while in the U.S.  I was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in the Anti Aircraft segment of the army, but because of the high incidence of fatalities in the Infantry, I was sent to Ft. Benning, Georgia, for a six-week course on the necessary skills needed to become a combat infantry platoon leader.  While dragging a somewhat rusty machine gun up one of Georgia's red clay hills, the tripod happened to scratch my leg.  Later, the scratch became infected and I had to be rushed to the army hospital with a high fever.  I was packed in ice and given Sulpha to fight the infection.  The next morning, after a couple of Medics had repacked me with fresh ice, I heard one of them out in the hall say, "That's the same bed that other Lieutenant died in last week when his temp reached 106...and this guy's temp is hovering around 105.8."  I thought, "Oh boy, another two tenths of a degree and I'm a goner!"  But the Lord had different plans, and after about three weeks in the hospital, I was cured and sent out to a different outfit to complete my 6-week course.  However, after a couple of weeks, the infection returned and I was back in the hospital.  This time, the Medics decided to tap in to their limited supply of penicillin and I was given a shot every three hours.  The night nurse would come in, roll me over and give me a couple of hard jabs to get the needle in my butt.  She'd say, "Those #@%* lazy day nurses are supposed to sharpen these needles."  It's amazing that after that experience, I went my complete two-plus remaining years in the army without a reoccurrence of that cellulite's infection but have had it over 20 times since.  The effectiveness of Penicillin wore off after several years and I have been on several other antibiotics since (right now, as I type this at Silver Lake, Michigan, I have 36 Clindamycin pills packed in my bag and carry a supply on every vacation}  There's one thing I've learned in my 91  years, I'm content to stay in God's waiting room until some Angel opens that door and says, "You're next, Mr. Rosier."
Love,  Boppa John
