MERCHANT MARINES

Dear Family, My prayer today comes from Psalm 61:
"Lord, you have been our refuge, a strong tower against our foes.  Thank you Lord for your faithfulness."

Uncle Wendy Yonker got a terrific present for his 91st birthday.    During World War II Wendy was a Radio Operator in the U.S Navy and was assigned to a contingent of Navy sailors  who manned the artillery aboard a Merchant Marine vessel.  Some bright Homewood Disposal employes researched data on the ship where Wendy fulfilled his assignment, and then had a scale model built of it.  Wendy was so pleased and shocked to receive that gift...it was an amazing idea.  The Merchant Marine fleet of 4,220 ships had a formidable task during the war.  Can you imagine having to supply tanks, food, ammo, replacement troops, et al to our huge armies fighting in both the Pacific and Europe at the same time.  A total of 1,554 of these vessels were sunk during the war... which brings me to Uncle Wendy's miraculous survival.  During the last year of the war, the Japanese were getting desperate. In order to help salvage their chances of winning, they recruited a large force of Kamikaze Pilots.This was a suicide force of minimally -trained young Japs (many  only 17) who would dive planes that were loaded with explosives directly onto the decks of U.S. Navy convoys.  Japanese war records show that 3,860 of these young pilots died and only 19% actually hit a U.S Navy ship.  In one of these forays, Wendy's ship was targeted by two Kamikaze planes, one of which detonated against the hull,causing the sea water to pour in.  Fortunately, the crew was able to seal off that ship's hold and Wendy's ship didn't sink. Heres how the official summary of that day's events reads:  "Leyte Gulf, Sunday, 12 November 1944, S.S. William A. Coulter is struck by two Kamikazes, but there are no fatalities among the 41-man merchant complement, 27-man Armed Guard and four passengers."    To combat these assaults, when radar spotted a flight of Kamikazes coming in, our aircraft carriers would launch fighter planes to engage the enemy.  Because of the U.S. superior planes and combat experience of the U.S.N. pilots, many of these Kamikaze planes would be shot down before reaching their targets.  God's been good to our family.  There were 407,000 U.S. Military killed in World War II,
yet he spared me and my three WWII brother-in-laws for long and happy lives. Praise be to God!
Love, Boppa John                                                                                                                                          P.S. The name Kamikaze means "Divine Wind."  In the 12th century A.D., the greatly feared Mongols were about to invade Japan by boat.  The Devine Wind actually appeared in the form of a monsoon which sank most of the Mongolian fleet, and Japan was spared.
