TRICKING THE BRAIN

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 50:
"Lord, we praise you for you have told us to call upon your name in the day of trouble and you will deliver us."

One June evening in 2004, Steven Summer was riding his scooter down a quiet road when a motorist crashed into him and sent him flying.  In addition to a broken collarbone and several ribs, his arm and leg were crushed. The doctors saved his arm, but his left leg had to be amputated above the knee.
During his third week in the hospital, 54-year-old Summer began to experience excruciating phantom pain in his amputated left leg, jolts that he likens to being shocked by a cattle prod.  The sensation of phantom limb pain occur in 50 to 80 percent of all amputees. In the early 1990's, Neuroscientists at the U of California conducted simple experiments that changed the understanding of phantom limbs.
They knew that the brain contains a virtual map of the body corresponding to sensory inputs from different parts.  They wondered if "seeing" the phantom limb might help.  They built a mirror box...
a simple contraption that hid the stump while allowing a reflection of the intact limb to be superimposed over the phantom limb.  If the amputee moved the intact and phantom limbs in sync, the brain could "see" the phantom limb move.  The first amputee to try it felt immediate relief.  Other users also found they could manage phantom pain.  In 2008, Summer had a particularly agonizing
bout of pain.  He had heard of the use of mirror therapy, and decided to try it.  Summer was working
as a property manager in Mexico, and had to drive 2 1/2 hours to the nearest  Home Depot to buy a mirror.  He tried it in the parking lot.  In five minutes, the pain was gone.  In he fall of 2010, it struck Summer that mirror therapy might be his calling.  He'd go where there were amputees in pain and teach them how to use the mirror.  Cambodia was his first destination because it had a huge number of amputees (only about half of the estimated ten million mines buried in their war have been recovered).  In two trips, Summer has distributed around 600 mirrors of his own design, made for him in Phonom Penh.  It occurs to me that the discovery of using a simple mirror, is a modern-day miracle that God uses to rescue a hurting population.  Praise be to God.
Love, Boppa John
