AN AMAZING EYEBROW

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from Psalm 23:
'Like King David, Lord, I thank you for being my shepherd.  I thank you for leading me beside the still waters and for restoring my soul."

Before reading this snippet, I want you to pause, bring one of your fingers up to an eyebrow and twitch that eyebrow.  Now, we can go on.  Lou Gehrig was as important as his teammate , Babe Ruth in the success of the New York Yankees back in the 1930's.  Before a 4th of July game in 1939, He spoke to a crowd of thousands and told them that although he had been diagnosed with a terminal disease, ALS, he called himself "the luckiest man on the face of the earth."  I was 15 years old at the time and can remember reading his speech in the newspaper on the following day.  Not many of we high school kids knew what ALS was at that time, but when Lou died some time later, the media called it the "Lou Gehrig Disease."  Now, I want to tell you about David Rabin who was a professor at Vanderbilt University.  While going through medical school, the disease he found most frightening was ALS.  He remembered that when being introduced to his first patient with the disease, the Neurologist announced,  "Hopeless!  He will be demeaned, isolated, unable to communicate, and probably be dead in six months."  When he was 46, Rabin was himself diagnosed with ALS.  He knew what would happen, but there was one thing he would not surrender:  he would not surrender his spirit.  He heard from a fellow physician who also had ALS about a computer that could be operated by a single switch.  David was left with enough strength in only one part of his body, his eyebrow muscle.  And so for the next four years he used his eyebrow to speak to his family, tell jokes to his friends, write papers, and review manuscripts.  He carried on a medical consulting practice. He taught Med Students.  He published a comprehensive textbook on endocrinology which received a prestigious award...and he did it all when the only thing he could control was a single eyebrow.  So, the next time you or I get frustrated with the pain or sorrow from things that happen to us, let's just touch and twitch one of our eyebrows.  Hopefully, that will give us a better perspective of our plight.
Love, Boppa John
