MEDICARE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 67:
"Lord, may all the people praise your name; then the land will yield its harvest and you, our  God, will bless us."

I received my 165-page Medicare handbook in the mail this week and was reminded that Medicare celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.  I don't recall which medical plan I had 65 years ago, when daughter Deb was born.  But, I do recall telling Dr. Nejdl that he should charge $75 (not his customary $70 charge) because that's what my plan paid.  He did, and then gave us a free $5 visit later.  Today, our overall health care costs are rising faster than inflation and Medicare is also being hit because of the large numbers of Baby Boomers becoming eligible.  We Americans spend more on health care per person than any other advanced Nation and get less for our money.  Our yearly public and private health care spending is well over twice as much as the average of other advanced nations.  Yet the typical American lives 78.1 years...that's two years less than the average 80.1 years in other advanced nations.  One of the reasons our costs are so high is that Doctors and hospitals still spend too much money on unnecessary tests, drugs, and procedures.  Also, medical errors cost us about
$19 billion a year, the worst rate among advanced nations.  Meanwhile, administrative costs account for 15 to 30 percent of all health care spending in the United States.  As an example, a third of all nursing hours are devoted to documenting what's done so that insurers have proof.  Some say the answer to our future is not to shrink Medicare, but to grow it...allowing anyone at any age to join.  Also, Medicare should be allowed to use its huge bargaining leverage to negotiate lower rates with pharmaceutical companies.  Obamacare barred this in order to get Big Insurance to go along with the legislation.  In spite of all these problems, I'm still happy and content to be a U.S. citizen.  Happy Birthday Medicare!!
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Dave Persenaire passed away yesterday.  Some of you may have had him as a teacher at CCHS.
