ANCIENT HISTORY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 100:
"Lord, may we enter your gates with thanksgiving and your courts with praise. O, God, we give thanks to you and we praise your name."

This may be a boring subject for many of you, but I have always been intrigued by the ingenuity of mankind in building so many projects thousands of years ago without the benefit of the tools we have today.  Some of these wonders I've been blessed to see such as the ancient viaducts constructed by the Romans makes one wonder how they could have determined the pitch of about one inch per mile to make the water flow for such long distances.  Or, the 5,000-mile-long Great Wall of China constructed hundreds of years before Christ.  As is the case of many of these populations, such as the lost city of the Incas in Machu Picchiu, Peru, no historian can trace the history of what happened to make the inhabitants disappear.  In other instances, such as Pomeii, Italy. we know that they came to an end on August 24, 0079 A.D. when Mt. Vesuvius erupted and sent thousands of tons of hot ash pouring down and wiping out the population.  I read an article the other day on one of the oldest and best known prehistoric monuments in Europe, Stonehenge. England.  This awesome structure was built 3,500 years before Christ and I believe it's the oldest of my visits. I think it's amazing for two reasons, 1)  The large stones, some of which are 30 feet tall and weigh over 25 tons, had to be brought from Marlborough Downs, twenty miles away!  2) This large monument is constructed in such a way that the sunset of the winter solstice and the sunrise of the summer solstice are exactly positioned by the monument's heel stones.  Of course, there's no written record as to how this miracle
was worked out.  There are hundreds of these stone age sites in the Orkney Islands at the northern tip of Scotland.  Because most of the tools and homesites were constructed of stone, they are well preserved, and many have been as yet untouched by today's Archeologists.  Some of the dwelling places uncovered contain stone beds, shelves and even INDOOR toilets linked to a stream (that's a convenience I never had growing up on  farm thousands of years later.)
Love, Boppa John
