PALLIATIVE CARE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 96:
"Lord, we sing a new song to you;  all the earth sings to you and praises your name."

I'm pretty dumb when it comes to medical terms.  Three years ago when my sister Dorothy was transferred from the hospital to Manor Care they recommended that she be given Palliative Care.  I had to look that up in the dictionary which defined it as "Treatment which relieves without curing."  That made sense to me since Dorothy was loaded with cancer.  This treatment was regarded as only for older patients with terminal illnesses before they enter hospice programs at the end of life.  Today,palliative care is increasingly being offered to patients of any age with a range of chronic illnesses such as cancer, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's.  Approximately 90 million Americans are living with serious and life-threatening illness.  That number is expected to more than double over the next 25 years with the aging of baby boomers.  Since most of you fall into that age slot, I thought I'd bring this new data to your attention.  Studies now show that palliative care not only can improve quality of life but actually extend life for some patients.  Many hospitals have recently added Doctors to their staff who specialize in palliative care.  In addition to pain management and emotional support,
these Specialists offer help in navigating the medical system, making decisions about care and understanding what to expect from ailments as they progress.  I guess I'm enthused about these programs  because I've followed the basic tenets of this care system for the past 2 1/2 years since being diagnosed with congestive heart failure;  i.e. I take daily doses off lasix and coumadin, get my blood density checked at least twice monthly, try to keep my intake of daily liquids under 64 0z and sodium under 2400 mg, and do a 45 minute workout at least five days weekly.  The best result is that I still thoroughly enjoy life, am never depressed, and love each one of you.  God is so good.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Nowadays hardly any of my acquaintances smoke...so I was shocked to read that our country is still spending over $160 billion annually on smoking related health care.  Of that total, over $100 billion is paid by our government so it's still costing we non-smoking taxpayers a bundle.
