THE GAP

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 20:
"Father, we praise you for answering us when we are in distress.  Thank you for saving your anointed  and answering our prayers from your holy heaven."

Usually, when we think of The Gap, a clothing store comes to mind.  This week, I was thinking of some gaps that occurred in my teenage years, 1) CLASSMATE GAP...when I went to grammar school, all eight years took place in a four room school and my graduating class numbered 22.  In September, 1941, I began my freshman year in Calumet High School which had an enrollment of over 5,000 students.  The school was a three-story U-shaped building that covered a city block and one had to jog to some classes to arrive before the tardy bell.  To make matters worse, I wanted to join the military R.O.T.C. but was still over seven months shy of their age 14 requirement.  My cousin, Marty Ozinga, was a senior and a 2nd Lieutenant in the R.O.T.C. and he told me to just skip gym for a few days until he could pull some strings and get me in.  There was a big Irish Cop who patrolled the perimeter of the school looking for "ditchers."  Let me tell you, I was  one scared 13-year-old farm boy. trying to elude that cop.  After three days, Marty got me in.    2) PRIVACY GAP...after spending my formative years using our family's outhouse plus the booths at high school and Swift, I was suddenly thrust into an army barracks with shoulder-to-shoulder showers plus a latrine layout consisting of a row of 12 to 15 commodes lined up about 12 inches apart.  I got accustomed to that routine pretty quickly and it certainly beat the no-facility routine when in combat.    3)  SCENERY GAP...until I got in the army, the farthest away from home I had ever ventured was South Haven, Michigan.  In the few ensuing army months I had traveled from coast-to-coast twice, seeing such marvels as mountains and raging rivers.    4)  RAIL TRAVEL GAP...other than a lot of trips on Chicago's elevated system while a messenger at Swift & Company,I don't ever recall being on a  regular train.  Six days after being in the Army, February 1941, I was on a five-day and night train ride from Illinois to California's Pacific Coast.  The reason it took so long is that our five-car hookup would get shuttled into sidings waiting for hours to get picked up by a different train.    So, that's about it for some of my teenage gaps.  Seventy years later, I'm just happy that Jesus bridged the gap between Palos Heights and my heavenly home.
Love,  Boppa John
