AIRLINE SHENANAGANS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 141:
"Set a guard over our mouths, O Lord, keep a watch over the door of our lips."

Probably many of you have read about the resignation of Jeff Smisek, the CEO of Chicago based United Airlines.  It's the result of a Federal investigation involving Mr. Smisek and David Samson, the government official in charge of the Newark, New Jersey Airport.  The incident drew my attention since it reinforces the rating which places Illinois and New Jersey as the two most corrupt states in the Union.  Here's how it went down,  Smisek and Sampson were having dinner together since United Airlines was seeking improvements at the airport and a better lease.  David Samson owns a vacation home near Columbia, South Carolina and was complaining that United had cancelled their flights from Newark to Columbia.  As a result, United reinstated that money-losing flight on Thursdays from Newark to Columbia and a return flight on Mondays (a convenient schedule for weekends at one's
South Carolina vacation home.)  Meanwhile, United got approval to build a new maintenance hanger in Newark along with $10 million in funding.  The flight was cancelled four days after David Sampson resigned in 2014.  Smicek has been asked to resign as United's CEO and has been given an $8.7 million golden parachute...it's no wonder our airfares are so high.  Columnist Phil Rosenthal has succinctly summed it up like this, "When you change a flight, United expects you to hand over $200 before going away.  When it's CEO changes a flight, United expects to hand him $7,800,000 as he goes away.  How does this fly?"  The times have certainly changed.  In the three decades after World War II, the average CEO earned no more than 40 times what the typical worker earned.  Today's CEO earns 300 times the average worker's wages.  Also, in those decades we invested in education and highways and social services and we financed all of this with our taxes.  Until 1981, the marginal income tax on the highest income earners never fell below 70 per cent.  Maybe that's where "The Good Old Days" axiom originated.
Love, Boppa John
