SCHOOL CLASS TRIPS OF YESTERYEAR

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 103:
"Lord, your lovingkindness is from everlasting to everlasting. Thank you, Lord,  for your faithfulness"

I began working for Swift & Company in June 1941.  Since they gave me credit for my 3 1/2 years of service in World War II, I logged in 45 years of service when I retired at age 62.  When I began working there, Swift was one of the companies comprising the Dow Jones Industrials and was the largest meat packer in the world.  One of the reasons for this was the decision of founder Gustavious Swift to hire an engineer in 1868 with the mandate to design ice-packed refrigerated rail cars to ship dressed beef to the East Coast.  Up until that time, there were cattle drives from the Great Plains to Chicago (the steers that didn't die en route would shed many pounds on these long drives.)  From Chicago, the livestock would board rail cars for a grueling trip to New York or Boston...upon arrival only about 40% were deemed fit for consumption.  Now, we move ahead 50 or 60 years so that I can relate the gruesome school field trips which often toured the Stock Yards, usually at the end of their school term.  Swift's Beef Kill, Pork Kill and Lamb Kill operations all had viewing platforms so that all students could have a clear view of the proceedings.  Also, a Uniformed Tour Guide as provided to give his spiel plus answer questions.  The tours would usually begin where semi's would unload their
cargoes of Lambs.  Here the lambs would be greeted by one of the "Judas" goats.  The goat would start to walk up a fenced-in corridor that went uphill so as no to block the street level activity.  The trip would entail a distance of about 3 or 4 blocks and the lambs would innocently follow the goat to the slaughter.  Once they arrived, each lamb would be shackled its rear legs and attached to a large wheel that would propel them up to a moving chain line.  As the lamb moved down the line it would have its throat slit, then be skinned and cut into marketable portions.  Next stop, Beef Kill.  This would be a much louder experience since the steers could somehow sense this was the end of the line and would bellow out their objections.  They would be herded, about a dozen at a time, into a long narrow chute that had a walkway built on one side near the top.  Here an employee with a sledge hammer would move along the line and swing the hammer to hit the steer on the forehead, knocking it unconscious.  Another man on the main floor would raise the gate side of the chute and the steer would slide out onto the floor.  One of its hind legs would be shackled to a pulley system to elevate the steer's torso and attach him to a chain line conveyor.  It was important that the carcass bled for 6 or 7 minutes to make the lean meat take on a fresh looking pink.  As the carcass moved down the line workers would skin off the hide while others would saw off the head and legs.  Finally it would be sawed in half, making it into a "side of beef" (the way butchers bought it).  Next and final stop, the Hog Kill, the loudest and most panicky place on the tour.  The process was quite similar to the Lamb Kill
(with the big wheel and all).  except for the panicky animals.  One time, the worker who had to shackle the hogs got pushed into the wheel and had one of his ears severed off.  Our office building was five floors and serviced by four manned elevators.  The guy who lost his ear became one of the elevator operators, so I'd see him every day.  When I returned from the service in 1946, Swift VP's had the good sense to quit these gruesome school class trips.  Maybe the kids who experience the tours were becoming Vegetarians.
Love,  Boppa John 
