WATER RECLAMATION DISTRICT

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 140;
"Lord, may our prayers be set before you like incense; may the lifting up of our hands be like the evening sacrifice."

With it's deep tunnel and treatment of wastewater, the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago is one of the most sophisticated engineering projects in the World.  Maybe it's because my career and education pursuits have concentrated on Marketing, but I'm always
amazed to see modern engineering accomplishments.  A couple of weeks ago, I took a tour of the
reclamation site on the DesPlains river, just east of LaGrange.  We were taken down on an elevator 300 feet below the surface.  There, they had a series of pumps that were powerful enough to pump the waste water up nine-foot-diameter pipes all the way up the 300 feet to the top.  All of this equipment is manned 24/7 for each day of the year.  Many of you have probably seen the vast limestone pits of the Thornton Quarry as you drove on I-80/94 just south of Chicago.  This is the latest project of the Reclamation District.  For the past several decades Hanson Material Service have removed 76 million tons of limestone creating a huge man-made basin 2,000 feet across, 1,000 feet wide and 300 feet deep.  In the past two years, this quarry is being turned into the Thornton Reservoir.  When completed, this reservoir will protect 14 communities (about 500,000 people) from having heavy rain flood waters winding up in basements.  Just having a big pit, however, is not enough...there's about $400 million worth of construction needed to create the reservoir.  Limestone is very porous, for instance, and the polluted storm and waste water would leach back into the water table if the reservoir wasn't sealed like a shower stall.  This is being accomplished by digging six inch diameter holes, 300 feet deep, every 20 feet around the four walls of the reservoir and then forcing grout into the holes with sufficient pressure to fill every nook and cranny of the limestone.  How much grout?  A lot...think of a tube six inches in diameter and 150 miles long!  The enormity of these projects just blows my aging brain.
Love,  Boppa John
