AN EXERCISE BONUS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 80:
"Restore us, O God Almighty, make your face shine upon us, that we may be saved.  Revive us, O Lord, and we will call upon your name."

Almost everyone knows that exercise tones the legs, builds bigger biceps and strengthens the heart.
But of all the body parts that benefit from a good workout, the brain may be the big winner.  Physical fitness directly affects our mind and plays a crucial role in the way the brain develops and functions. Scores of recent studies suggest that what's good for the body also is nurturing the mind.  Exercise, it turns out, can help improve cognition in ways that differ from mental brain-training games.  Over the past two decades, researchers have learned that exercise acts on multiple levels in the brain.  The brain's wiring depends on the integrity of the brain cells or neurons, as well as the connections between the neurons, or the synapses.  As we age, the synapses are lost or break down.  Laboratory work with white rats has shown that in older rodents, exercise increases the number of synapses and also stimulates the brain to develop more neurons in the hippocampus.  Also, people who exercised 30 minutes 5 times weekly in late-middle age did better on cognitive tests.  They also showed less accumulation of the beta amyloid plaque, the protein that builds up in the brains of people with Alzheimer's Disease.  While we are discussing health issues, I'd also like to mention a study where participants ate food with low, medium, or high sodium levels, each for 30-day periods.  Those who ate foods high in sodium (about 3,300 milligrams of salt per day, what the average American consumes) had one third more headaches than this who ate foods low in sodium (about 1,500 mg of salt per day, what many experts recommend).  Researchers say it could be because salt raises blood pressure, which in turn may cause headaches.  So, there you have it...grab a couple hands full of unsalted peanuts and hop on your bicycle.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  The sinking of that Chinese riverboat last week with over 400 fatalities reminded me of how
fragile life's expectancies can be.  In June 2006 (just nine years ago) Jean, Deb, Kim and I were aboard a riverboat at that same spot on the Yangtze River.  Although none of us can predict the time
and place WHEN we depart from this life, that's OK.  The important thing is that God gives us his promise and assurance of WHERE we are going.
