BULLDOZER SKILLS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 128:
"Lord, may you bless us from Zion all the days of our lives.  May we see prosperity and live to see our children's grandchildren."

When Deb, Kim, Jean and I toured China in 2006, we took a nine-day riverboat tour down the Yangtze River which culminated at the Three Gorges Dam, the largest dam in the world.  Its water powered turbines generate enough electricity to equal 18 nuclear power plants.  The damming of the river required bulldozing millions of homes in the Yangtze valley.  The government simply moved the owners into seven-story, cinder block apartments without elevators.  Some of the older residents can't make it out for days because of the arduous climb.  One day we toured Tiananmen Square in Beijing.  It's huge, equal to 22 of our city blocks.  Many of you may recall the onslaught of bulldozers and tanks that killed hundreds of student protesters on that square on June 4, 1989.  I told our Guide that I knew a Chinese gal who had taught in a University and who staunchly believed that the student massacre never happened but was a news item staged by our U.S. Hollywood.  He whispered to me not to talk about it there, but he'd talk when we got back to the hotel.  There, he told me that many Chinese believed the Hollywood propaganda story that was so widely circulated by the Communist Party.  I was reminded of these incidents last week when Rev. Jimmy Lin spoke in our church.  Rev. Lin has just retired from years of Chinese Ministry at the Back to God Hour.  During his sermon, he showed a slide of a huge Chinese Three-Self Christian Church (although most Chinese Christians still worship in hidden House Congregations, the government had permitted a few of these Three-Self Churches to be built).  On the next slide, he showed a pile of rubble where the church had once stood.  The Government simply said that the cross on top of the building was too high...and, with their skilled bulldozer operators, they were able to destroy the church in one day.  It's amazing what those Communist bulldozers can destroy.
Love, Boppa John
