LASALLE COUNTY

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 101:
"Lord, help us find the fellowship of faithful Christians whose walk is blameless and who can minister to us."
Last Thursday, I took an interesting trip down to LaSalle County with the Seniors from the First Church of Lansing.  Our first stop was the junction of the Illinois river and the I & M Canal (that's the Illinois & Michigan canal).  Frankly, I had never heard of the I & M Canal before and it's importance in the history of Chicago.  The canal, which is 60 feet wide and 6 feet deep runs 96 miles ending in Bridgeport.  It had to be dug by hand, mostly by Irish Immigrants who had successfully dug the Erie Canal. The project was started in 1836 and finally completed 12 years later in 1848. This 96-mile dig connected the Great Lakes with the Illinois and Mississippi Rivers down to the Gulf of Mexico.  It helped establish Chicago as the transportation hub of the United States.  Tow paths were constructed so that mules could be harnessed and pull the loaded barges.  The construction also included seventeen locks and four aqueducts  to compensate for the 140 foot height differential between Lake Michigan and the Illinois River.  To give us a better idea as to how this canal helped build Chicago over 165 years ago, our group boarded a barge and a mule pulled us down the canal for a one-hour ride.  After lunch, we toured the Weber Flower Gardens  and the Hegeler mansion.  I've toured Rockefeller, Hearst, and other mansions and I usually find them boring...but I was happy to find this tour fascinating.  Julius W. Hegeler immigrated from Germany with 79 U.S Dollars.  Somehow, he got into producing zinc metal.  Since it takes two tons of coal to produce one ton of zinc,he located in LaSalle. Illinois next to a huge coal mine.  He soon became a very successful entrepreneur and in 1874, he hired the Architect who designed the Chicago Water Tower and the Joliet penitentiary to design his mansion.  The building has 57 rooms and a total of 16,000 square feet of interior space (it housed his large family plus his offices for the Zinc company). Since I'm a firm believer of daily workouts, I was fascinated by the oldest private gymnasium in history, included in the building.  Besides the weight lifting and other equipment, the high-ceilinged gym contained a "teeter- ladder".  Two exercisers would each grab one of the ladder rungs on opposite ends and see-saw up and down to strengthen their arm and shoulders. (It probably also encouraged one not to for sake their diets and gain too much weight}.  I won't bore you with many more details, but I'm always fascinated by these self-made success stories...when I was young I read some Horatio Alger books.
Love, Boppa John
