DEPARTMENT STORES

Dear Family,  Happy Thanksgiving!  My prayer today comes from Psalm 139:
Lord. we give you thanks for your faithfulness.  If we rise on the wings of the dawn, if we settle on the far side of sea, even there your hand will guide us, your right hand will hold us fast."

When I reached the age of 14, I  inherited the task of driving my mother to Department Stores  (I guess that was before the launch of a driver's license ).  Mom was very talented at the sewing machine, and if she had a lot of stuff to purchase, we'd head for the large Sears at 63rd & Halstead.
If she had just a modest list, we'd go to Frank's Department Store at 79th & Halstead.  I was thinking about that today, since within the next week or two, I'll be making a whirlwind shopping tour of Carson's Department Store with daughter Kim, my purchasing consultant, to buy presents for my 13 adult kids and grandkids.  I've already bought and wrapped the seven great grandkid's presents which arrived from Amazon.  Analysts are predicting a grim future for Department Stores.  Total revenue collected by department stores during the heavy consumer shopping in the fourth quarter is expected to rise only 0.2%.  The anemic revenue growth from department stores highlights how this storied but now dated retail format is in a battle for survival in a world increasingly dominated by more-focused specialty retailers and massive online retailers.  Amazon alone is expecting to haul in
$36 billion in revenue during the fourth quarter.  That far exceeds the roughly $24 billion combined total of J.C. Penney, Kohl's, Macy's and Nordstrom, the four department stores included in Standard & Poor's 1,500.  Here's a coincidental change in consumer purchase habits.  Dr. Bob, my Dentist, is going through an office rehab and during that work, we patients have to park in a neighboring McDonald's lot.  While I was parking, a Bloomberg business report on my car radio noted that McDonald's is going to update all their drive-through facilities since 70% of all their customers never get out of their cars.  Sometimes, it's hard to keep up with all theses changes; the only thing for certain is that our God never changes.
Love. Boppa John
