GERRYMANDERING

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 106:
"Lord, let me share in your chosen one's prosperity and rejoice in all their joys and receive the glory
you give them."

I am so happy that our Chicago area elections finished last week!  The deluge of political TV and radio commercials was sickening.  When I went to vote at 8:00 AM, my vote was only the second one for the day...and, no wonder, everyone on the ballot had no opposition.  In fact, our newspapers
indicated that 63% of all suburban candidates were unopposed. Another factor of our election process
that irks me is the system of GERRYMANDERING we have.  The U.S. Constitution calls for a census every ten years.  After the census, most states rearrange the boundaries of their voting districts.
About three or four states have independent commissions do this, but most rely on the political party in their state which has the majority, and this is where gerrymandering takes place.  The Constitution has a restriction which says all districts must contiguous...that's not much of a problem since two or more centers of population can be connected by  a highway in which the residents on each side of the road are included in that district.  Here's an example of how gerrymandering can goof up the value of each citizen's vote.  In the 2012 Pennsylvania election for U.S. Representatives, the Democrats received 83,000 more votes than did the Republican candidates.  Yet, because of the Republican redistricting process in 2010, the Republican Party won 13 of the 18 Pennsylvania seats.  That system  is one which guarantees your political opponent has thousands of "wasted" votes.  The introduction of modern computer techniques alongside the development of elaborate voter databases
and special districting all make gerrymandering a far more precise science.    My final irritation of the political process is the Electoral College.  Rather than making every citizen's vote for the President count, the final results are based on the outcome of each State's majority.  I admit that i usually vote for the Republican Candidate and all of Illinois' 20 electoral votes  for the past 27 years have gone to the Democratic Candidate (making mine a wasted vote since 1988).  Regardless of all the flaws in our country's democracy system,  we are still the most blessed nation on this spinning globe.
Thanks be to God.
Love, Boppa John 
