CHARLIE HEBDO

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 149:
"We know, O Lord, that you take delight in your people and you crown the humble with salvation.
Let the Saints rejoice in this honor and sing for joy."

Back in March 1945, our 10th Armored Division was deploying about a mile from the Danube getting ready to invade Ulm, Germany.  Our Division got orders to stand by since the Free French 5th Armored Division was moving up and we were to follow them in to the target.  The reason given, was that Ulm was captured by Napoleon in 1810 and because of the historical significance, General Charles De Gaulle had asked General Eisenhower for permission to allow his Free French Division be given the "honor" of leading the attack.  De Gaulle was an extremely egotistical guy' and, believe me  we didn't consider it an "honor" to get shot at so we were delighted to agree.  It took his Division a couple of days to arrive and that burned up General Patton (our equally egotistical commander}.
Anyhow, the reason I bring this up is that Charles De Gaulle is considered to be the sarcastic title
of the "Charlie" Hebdo weekly French magazine.  HEBDO is the shortening of "hebdomadaire" (french
for weekly}.  As you know, twelve French citizens were assassinated last week in the Magazine's office by Islamic terrorists.  One week before General De Gaulle died in 1970, a massive fire in a Paris nightclub killed 140.  The French satirists took aim at the general media for devoting so much coverage to the passing of De Gaulle instead of the 140 nightclub attendees...their head line on the following week was ONE DEAD.  There were no sacred cows where satyrical targets of CHARLIE HEBDO were concerned.  Presidents, the Pope, U. S. Republicans, military action in the Middle East, privatization, deregulation - all took a clubbing from the magazine.  French authorities pleaded for restraint.  "Is it really sensible or intelligent to pour oil on the fire?"  France's Foreign Minister said a few years ago after the magazine published a cartoon of the prophet Mohammad being pushed in a wheelchair by an Orthodox Jew (France has the largest nbr of Muslims of all the European countries and an estimated 1,000 of them have joined the Isis forces).  I'm not a big fan of satire,  that's probably part of my conservative Christian upbringing.  I am a big fan, however, of freedom of the press and am blessed that God placed me in a country that has that as a basic tenet of our constitution.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  Last week I wrote about the Coptic Christians and Grandson Adam emailed me from London that he has a 60-year-old Coptic Priest enrolled in his English language institute.  He said the long-bearded Priest with a full robe and huge Cross necklace commands a lot of respect in the classroom and always addresses my Grandson s Brother Adam.
