COPTIC CHRISTIANS (ZABBALEEN)

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 111:
"Lord, all we who are thankful should think and ponder on all you have done, for your miracles demonstrate your honor, majesty, and eternal goodness."

Tomorrow, the Coptic Christians will be celebrating Christmas...in their Orthodox Calendar, January 7 corresponds with our December 25.  This group makes up 10% to 15% of Egypt's population of
84 million. It is the largest Christian Community in the Middle East.  During the 27 years I spent on the Bible League Board in the '60s and 70's, we had a representative of the Coptic's who would come to Chicago every couple of years and give his report.  At one time the Coptic's were part of Egypt's upper middle class but over the years many aspects of Egyptian law were heavily biased in favor of Islam and much of the Coptic's land ownership and other assets were confiscated by the government.
Today about 60-70,000 Coptic's are known as Zabbaleen (literally "garbage people" in Egyptian Arabic).  There are roughly 18 million people living in the greater Cairo metropolitan area.  It is like most cosmopolitan cities , except for one interesting feature: garbage.  Habitat International described the Cairo garbage industry as "One of the world's most efficient, resourceful recovery systems."  Here's how it works.  Instead of routes of garbage trucks with specified pickup times as per our U.S.A. custom, The route is picked up every day by an individual ZABALEEN route owner who usually has a large bag and a two-wheel cart.  Many of Cairo's residents live in apartment buildings and simply put their garbage out on the fire escape.  Early in the morning the Zabbaleen will climb up the fire escape and pick up the garbage.  He works out rental of his route by deals with the apartment building owners.Sometimes it's cash, or it could be giving the owner all the glass collected which can easily be sold.  Egypt is a great "tipping" economy, so at the end of the month the Zabbaleen makes the rounds to collect his tips.  The tips, of course, vary but depending on the neighborhood's affluence, most Zabbaleen scratch out a living (but it's very hard work),  And, where our recycling usually nets about 25% to 35% recovery, the Egyptian method has a recovery of over 80%.  Now that the Military has taken over the Country from the Muslim Brotherhood, I hope there will be some good things in the Coptic Christian's future.
Love, Boppa John 
