CREDIT CARD SWIPE FEES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from  Psalm 82:
"Father, let all people know that you, whose name is the Lord, and you alone are ruler over all
the earth."

About ten years ago, after finishing nine holes of golf, Jean, June and I got into a conversation in the clubhouse with a guy who represented credit card brokers.  I told him that I was a volunteer at the Bibles for Missions Thrift center and that we were considering going into credit card sales.  After bringing this up at our next board meeting, I promised to call him to give a presentation.  As things turned out, we adopted credit card  sales and our "swipe fees", as a non-profit institution, were 2 %.
Nowadays, some retailers are paying as much as 4% for swipe fees.  Banks don't reveal how much the actual swipes cost them, but it's known to be a huge profit maker.  Consider that if a restaurant meal of $50 is paid by a credit card and the bank is charging 4%, they pocket $2.50 on a transaction that only costs them a few cents to process.  In many retail institutions, their annual swipe fee costs are more than their rent.  The entire Convenience Store Industry pays more for swipe fees than it earns in profit.  Since banks have this huge profit in issuing their own credit cards, they offer incentives to attract customers...here's how I take advantage of  that.  I have two Bank of America Visa Cards.  They each pay one cent on each dollar of purchases or three cents on various monthly items promoted (groceries ,  gasoline, hotels, etc.).  Then, if I transfer my earnings to either my Bank of America Savings or Checking Accounts,  I collect 1 & 3/4% (that extra 3/4% is predicated on my savings and checking account balances).  So, for every $100 that I transfer it becomes at least $175.
Except for my Utility Bills which are automatically paid by my checking account each month and my church contributions, I charge everything else to my Visa credit cards.  It's surprising how these bonuses add up...even for a 91-year-old widower.
Love. Boppa    
