LOOSE CHANGE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 99:
"Great is your name, O God, you are exalted over all the nations.  Let them praise your great and awesome name for you are holy."

When going through airport security, we are asked to dump all of our loose change in one of those plastic bins that make their way on conveyer belts through X-ray scanners.  People often grab their carry-ons, laptops, belt and shoes and overlook picking up the loose change as they hurry off to catch their flights.  The money usually just consists of pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters, but it all adds up.  In a recent report to congress, the Transportation Security Agency reported that in the past year they have recovered $21,068.69 from OHare and $9,286.83 from Midway Airport.  Across the U.S. the Agency picked up a total of $674,841.08 in spare change left behind at airports.  TSA spokesman,
Mike McCarthy reported that paper money is a different story.  "A lot of times, if someone leaves a large amount, they'll come back for it," he says.  Even if they don't come back the Agency will try to get the money back to people, looking for ID's in wallets and shipping the money back to them.  Which brings to mind an experience I had about 5 or 6 years ago at Midway while traveling to Branson, MO.  I had laid my billfold on the counter as I pulled out my Drivers License to get a boarding pass.  I forgot to retrieve my wallet as Jean and I rushed off to the security checkpoint about
50 yards away.  There, I noticed that my wallet was missing and hurried back to the ticket counter.
In that short time my wallet had disappeared and the clerk told me to report the incident to the Chicago Police office just on the other side of Security.  I did, and filled out some form, after which Jean and I started down the concourse.  Then one of the Policemen yelled, "Sir, I think we found your
wallet."  Some guy was standing there holding my wallet which he said he'd picked up from the floor at the ticket counter.  I was greatly relieved and offer to give him a couple of twenties for his help, but he refused.  When we boarded the plane, I checked to see if all of my credit cards were there.  They were but all of the approximate $300 in cash was missing.  Of course, I never found out if this good samaritan or someone else had pocketed the cash, but at least everything else was OK and I had to chalk up my experience as a $300 Senior Moment.
Love,  Boppa John
