WHAT'S IT LIKE TO BE BLIND?

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 19:
"May the words of my mouth and the meditations of my heart be pleasing in your sight, Oh Lord, my Rock and my Redeemer."

Back in 1979,  I was on the Board of Trustees of Trinity College and serving on the Academic Affairs Committee. We interviews and hired Bob Rice to take over the History Department.  Bob had just completed his Ph. D. degree and had a real love for history.  He had one difference from his fellow faculty members...Bob is blind.  After thirty plus years of influencing hundreds and hundreds of Trinity students with his knowledge. enthusiasm, and positive attitude, Bob has now retired.  And, that's a plus for we Senior Citizens who now can enjoy Bob's lectures in the S.A.L.T. program (that stands for Seasoned Adults Learning at Trinity).  Last year he taught us about Immigration to the U.S and this coming May I'm looking forward  to his course on Russian History.  In 1995 we had a blind couple attend our Church Services in Evergreen Park.  Every Sunday they'd arrive faithfully, each with a seeing eye dog (who would lie quietly under the bench for the entire service).  I was on a prayer committee with Jim and when I'd pick him up he could leave his dog home since I could assist him.  He worked for a hospital in their dark room developing X-rays and his wife worked downtown for the Social Security Department.  I was always amazed that come rain, shine, snow or sleet, they and their dogs would catch a bus about 1/2 block from their home.  This week I read an article in our news paper about the Chicago Lighthouse for the Blind, founded in 1906  They have 17 employes who assemble $3 million worth of clocks each year.  One employe, who is totally blind, described how he assembles clocks at his work station.  He uses a metal form with posts that help guide his hands as he assembles the parts: first a square electrical motor, then a round black plastic face, a royal blue sticker to identify him as the assembler, the round paper face, a brass washer and nut, then the clock hands, bowed out, so he can feel which side is the front.  When finished, he puts the clock on a conveyer belt which brings all clocks to a 62-year-old employe who has worked there for 25 years.  He feels each clock and takes it to a pegboard where he hooks them up for power.  They are run for ninety minutes to ensure they work properly.  One other thing I learned from this article, is that many people assume that "blind" means coping with a world of total darkness, when in truth only 15 per cent of all 1.3 million blind people cannot perceive light.  So now, when you go to bed tonight and close your eyes in prayer, give thanks to God for his marvelous gift of eyesight.
Love, Boppa John.  
