MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL IN THE 1930's

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 95:
"Lord, we come to bow down in worship; we kneel before you for you are the Lord, our maker.  You are our God and we are the people of your pasture, the flock under your care."

Last week , two of my great grandkids went to Wrigley Field with their parents to enjoy their first big league game. Six-year-old Grady is a Sox fan and four-year-old Stella is an ice cream fan.  Over the years, many people have asked how a south-sider like me grew up to be a life-long north side Cubs fan.  I guess it was because during my formative years (6 to 14) the Cubs were the hottest ticket in town.  In 1925, one year after my arrival,  W. K. Wrigley bought the Cubs and named their park Wrigley Field, to give some advertising clout to his chewing gum brand.  He also hired sports writer Bill Veek to run the team.  Bill was an outstanding baseball aficionado, and the Cubs went on to win the pennant and appear in World Series in 1929, 1932, 1935 and 1938.  I guess radio soap operas hadn't caught on back then, because every afternoon one could pick out his or her favorite announcer  and tune in to two or three Cubs or Sox games.  I don't recall all of their names, but my favorite was Pat Flanagan.  Calling home games was no problem, but a lot of creativity was required for calling away games.  The announcer would sit in front of some western union device which would simply give an abbreviation such as "2BH" and the announcer would bark out  "Billy Jurges hit's a liner into the gap in right-center field.  He's trying to stretch it into a double...here comes the throw and Billy just beats it into second base for a double, his first hit if the day!"  (Even young Ronald Reagan put in a stint as a baseball announcer.)  The last time the Cubs were in the World Series was against the Detroit Tigers in October 1945.  This was just after WW II ended; I was stationed in Germany and we GI's would listen to the games which started at 9:00 PM German time.  The Cubs won two of the first three games at Detroit, but then proceeded to cave in at Wrigley Field and lose the series.  My advice to Great Grand Daughter Stella is to stick to being a fan of Ice Cream and you'll have a lot less disappointments in life.
Love, Boppa John
