SWEATSHOPS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 89:
"Lord, the heavens praise your wonders and your faithfulness, in the assembly of holy ones."

Since our Country has been celebrating Labor Day since 1887, I thought a snippet on sweatshops would be apropos.  I'm always appalled when I read about the "Made in China" label that appears on about 90% of the clothing we buy.  The reason our stuff is made in China is because decent workplaces, which cost money, are scarce there. Workers who often work seven long-hour days each week are packed into dormitories with nets under the windows to catch the attempted suicides.  There are an estimated 150 million of these migrant workers, most of whom send their meager pay checks to their starving families in the rural areas.  Factories belch out pollution which kill an average of 4,000 Chinese each day.  A recent study by the New York Times, points out that there are also some modified white collar sweatshops in our country.  This lengthy study of 100 current and past employes of Amazon reveals that most of the 188,000 employes work like plow horses to make founder Jeff Bezos the fifth wealthiest man on earth (Amazon is worth a quarter trillion dollars).  Employes who work long hours are told  that if they "hit the wall", they should climb over it.  A set percentage of employes are fired each year on general principles.  Failing to answer a midnight email is unacceptable, and employes unfortunate enough to contract cancer or have children can find themselves shunted towards the exits for being insufficiently committed.  I guess this ruffles my genes since I'm so opposed to this management attitude.  In my 45 years at Swift, I always maintained employes should have full, rounded lives with hobbies, families, and relaxation.  The division I worked in had about 40 management employes.  At the end of one year, our Division President bragged that our group had given up 73 vacation weeks that year.  Whenever I'd be asked to counsel some new hires, I'd tell them to never give up even one hour of their vacations, and if possible go somewhere for complete relaxation.  That's how I valued vacation time and now, in my 29th year of retirement, I have no regrets.  God has certainly blessed me, and I thank Him every day.
Love, Boppa John
