A TOWN WITHOUT WI-FI

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 28:
"Lord, you are the strength of your people; we thank you, for you are a fortress of our salvation."

You can't make a call or send a text on your cell phone in Green Bank, West Virginia.  Wireless Internet is outlawed.  As you approach this tiny town of 143 citizens on a two-lane road that snakes through the Allegheny Mountains, the bars on your cell phone fall like dominoes, and the scan function on the radio ceases to work.  The rusted pay phone on the north side of town is the only way for a visitor to reach the rest of the world.  The reason for the town's empty airwaves is visible the moment you arrive.  It's the Robert C. Byrd telescope, a gleaming white, 485-foot-tall behemoth of a dish.  It's the largest of its kind in the world and one of nine in Green Bank, all owned and operated by our national government.  The telescopes aren't the "ocular" kind you're probably thinking of.  They're radio telescopes, so instead of looking for distant stars, you listen for them.These huge instruments are known to be so sensitive that they can pick up the energy equivalent of a single snowflake hitting the ground.  Such a highly tuned listening tool needs total technological silence to operate, so in 1958, the Federal Communications established a one-of-a-kind National Radio Quiet Zone, a 13,000 square-mile area encompassing Green Bank where to this day, electromagnetic silence is enforced every hour of every day.  Residents who live within a  ten-mile radius of Green Bank are allowed to use landline telephones, wired internet and cable televisions...but microwave ovens, wireless internet routers and radios are forbidden. For locals, the technology ban is a nuisance.  For others who come to Green Bank for their health, the town has become a refuge.  There's a growing small segment of the population who suffer from "electromagnetic, hypersensitivity caused by exposure to radio frequencies.  The symptoms, according to sufferers, include frequent headaches, nausea, insomnia, and chest pains.  Mainstream medicine doesn't recognize the syndrome.  For those who have found relief in Green Bank, however, life isn't perfect but at least they are no longer confined to their beds with constant headaches or nausea. 
Love, Boppa John
