YOU OWE $42,998!

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 96:
"Lord, splendor and majesty are before you;  strength snd glory are in your sanctuary.  Lord, you come to judge the earth in righteousness and the people in your truth."

A recent issue of TIME magazine engaged award-winning financial analyst, James Grant, to explain our country's national debt of $13.9 trillion dollars.  The debt amounts to $42,998 that every man, woman and child would need to pay to erase it.
Mr. Grant writes, "This much I have learned about debt after 40 years of writing and study:  It is better not to incur it.  Once it is incurred, it is better to pay it off.  America, we have a problem."  Grant explains that we spend too much, we borrow too much, and worse, we promise too much.  He can't predict when it will end, but he can predict when it will stop...that's when the world loses confidence in the dollars we owe.  States such as Illinois and cities like Chicago which are buried in debt, try to persuade their once trusting creditors that they are actually solvent.  The federal government, however, has a central bank. It's called the Federal Reserve, and it is the government's Monopoly-money machine.  It sets some interest rates and influences many others.  It materializes dollars.  It regiments the the nation's banks.  It pulls levers to make the stock market go up.  Congress is the source of the Fed's power.  The Constitution is the source of Congress's power.  The parchment enjoins Congress to coin money and regulate the value thereof.  Our Founders viewed money as a scale or yardstick, something that measures value.  The Fed views money as a magic wand, something that creates value.  The average citizen may struggle to pay his or her outstanding credit-card balance at an average of about 15% interest rates.  The Treasury gets by paying an average of just 1.8% on that portion of the federal debt.  Defined in this way, our $19 trillion debt becomes only $13.9 trillion.  How does this pseudo bookkeeping work?  The SocialSecurity Administration  takes in    (temporarily)  more than it pays out.  With the surplus it buys Treasury bonds.  The bonds enlarge our overall debt.  It's not so important that the government pays itself on time.  What is important is that the government pay its public creditors on time.  The Fed once fought inflation.  Now it actually sets out to cause it - about 2% a year is its target.  Sound money coincided with balanced budgets...government borrowings climbed in wartime and subsided in peacetime.  In 1971 our Government decided to no longer use the gold standard and announced that the dollar would derive its value from the
say-so of the government.  The Fed could print as many green bills as the traffic would bear.  Should we worry about debt?
Yes.  The Fed can print money  but state and local governments cannot and must raise taxes or cut services to meet pension obligations for public employees.  What awaits us and our children and their children is the unpaid tab of the future.  The Fed is meeting today and tomorrow, making this snippet pretty timely.
Love, Boppa John 
