MEMORIES

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 118:
"Lord, this is the day that you have made; we will rejoice and be glad in it."

Most of us have had poignant experiences that may have happened years ago but are so etched in our memory that we can recall every detail as if that day occurred last week.  I was thinking of a cold afternoon back in December of 1944 when I stood at the rail of the Queen Elizabeth as we sailed out of a New York harbor passing the Statue of Liberty.  The life expectancy of an Infantry
Combat Lieutenant didn't have favorable odds and I didn't think I'd ever see that statue again.  The thing that brought this memory to mind is that we are celebrating the 130th birthday of the unveiling of this wonderful statue on October 28th, 1886.  As many as one million people flocked to Lower Manhattan to witness that unveiling.  She was a beacon of feminism from day one.  However, women didn't get the right to vote until 1920 and thus were banned from attending the ceremony.  Isn't it ironic that in just a few days from now voters will have the choice of voting for a feminine president of the United States?  The statue was a gift from the French to the American
people.  It stands 15 stories high and weighs 225 tons.  The cost of building it was more than $500,000 (at least $12 million today).  The statue is covered with a copper skin that is less than 1/8th of an inch thick.  At first she was a dull copper brown, but by 1906 the copper oxidize turned into a green patina from head to toe.  In winds of 50 mph or more, her body can sway up to three inches and her torch arm, up to six.  There are seven rays in her crown, one for each of the world's continents.  Together, they give her a hat that weighs more than 1,000 pounds.  I am thrilled and thankful that the  Good Lord has spared me all of these years since that cold afternoon in 1944.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  I had some good events last week...1) I passed my Driver's License test (after the age of 85 one has to take the driving test every year).  2) The Cubs won the National League series and are now headed for the World Series (I listened to Armed Forces radio the last time they were in the World Series in 1945 when Detroit beat the Cubs 4 games to 3)
