IN GOD WE TRUST

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 9:
"Father God, those who know your name will trust in you, for you have never forsaken those who seek you."

"In God we trust" first appeared on a 2-cent coin in 1864, according to the U.S. Mint.  A 1955 law made the phrase mandatory on all U.S. currency, and another law in 1956 made it the national motto.  In 1956 our nation was at a particularly tense time in the Cold War, and wanted to distinguish itself from the Soviet Union which promoted State Atheism.  It is estimated that 3.1 per cent of all U.S. citizens are Atheists.  Down through the years, I've always been amazed at how this small percentage of atheists has had so much clout in affecting our country's mandates prohibiting government from "establishing" a religion.  Atheists have won most of these battles, but a 1984 Supreme Court ruling supported city-sponsored Christmas displays.  At that time, the Court approved, calling our U.S. motto, "In God we trust", a constitutional reference to our Nation's religious heritage.  In other legal contests, the Courts have declared, "It is quite obvious that the national motto and the slogan on coinage and currency 'In God we trust' has nothing whatsoever to do with the establishment of religion.  Its use is of patriotic or ceremonial nature."  Lately, many cities in the Bible Belt (Arkansas,Virginia,
Mississippi, Tennessee, and Oklahoma} are affixing IN GOD WE TRUST decals to all patrol cars and other city owned vehicles.  They seem to be careful to do so with private donations and not incur taxpayer expense. An estimated 250 law-enforcement offices now have these decals on their vehicles. In some parts of our world, Christians are being slaughtered because of their religion.  Aren't we blessed that we just have this benign contention about a four-word motto?
Praise be to God. 
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  I wrote about <a href="./2016-04-05.html">Immunotherapy</a> a couple of weeks ago...it is getting a lot of financial support.  Silicone Valley whiz, Sean Parker is donating $250 million;  Michael Bloomberg and other philanthropists also announced a $125 million donation; and a lot of President Obama's $1 billion "moonshot" fund for the cure of cancer will also be plowed into this research.
