THE AMAZING HUMAN BRAIN

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 2:
"Father, help us in our daily tasks in your kingdom.  Help us to truly trust you and your promise that all things work together for good to those who love you."

First, an update on my therapy...I am currently taking two one-hour sessions of Physical Therapy each week
and two one-hour sessions of Occupational Therapy (from a hand specialist who's trying to restore some feeling in my numb fingers).  I have now finished my daily Lymphedema Therapy which was very successful  in restoring my legs to their normal size.  The problem I have is that I have to put on compression wraps on my leg calves each morning and another set on my feet...and then take them off when I go to bed.  This procedure continues until I go t my heavenly home.  The wraps have a series of Valcro Straps which take my numb fingers a long time to process correctly.  But the good news is that I have no pain and I look forward to each day God gives me.

Ever since I was a boy, I marveled at the ability of day-old colts being able to get upright and trot around the pasture...and dolphins and baby  whales swimming around almost immediately after birth.  Now, at age 92, I've finally discovered the answer to this quandary.  Baby animals develop quickly because their brains wire up according to a preprogrammed routine.  But, that preparedness trades off with flexibility.  Instead of arriving with everything prewired. a human brain is shaped by life experience.  It's "live wired".  New research reveals that every experience changes our brain.  Our brain's flexibility derives not from the growth of new cells but from how those cell are connected.  A baby's neurons form two million new connections every second as they take in information.  By age two, a child has over 100 trillion synapses - double the number an adult has.This peak represents far more connections that the brain will need.  Now comes neural "pruning".  As we mature through the teen years and into our 20's, 50 percent of our synapses will be pared back.  Synapses that aren't used are weakened and eventually eliminated.  Just as with paths in a forest, we lose connections that we don't use.  By the age of 25, our brains appear to be fully developed.  Even then, however. there's still opportunity to grow,  This was pointed out in a study of London's cabdrivers.  They undergo intensive training to pass the "Knowledge of London" test (320 routes, 25,000 individual streets, and 20,000 landmarks).  A group of neuroscientists scanned the brains of some who had studied and taken the test and compared this to a control group who had not taken the test.  Those who took the test showed a physical growth in the posterior hippocampus of their brains as compared to no growth in the brains of the control group.  As we age, our brain's flexibility and what we choose to expose it to, matters deeply.  This all began when God created man and in Genesis 1:28 said, "Rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air and every living creature that moves on the ground."
Love, Boppa John
