KAROSHI (DEATH BY OVERWORK)

Dear Family, My prayer today comes from Psalm 56:
"Lord, we praise you , for you have delivered our souls from death and our feet from stumbling."

Japanese are working themselves to death - literally.  Matsuriv Takahashi was 24 years old when she leaped to her death from her company dormitory on Christmas day last year.  Tokyo Labor Bureau investigators ruled her suicide as "karoshi", death by overwork.  She had been required to work more than 25 hours of overtime each week for months on end at the prominent Dentsu Advertising Agency.  She often got as little as two hours sleep per night and rarely got a day off.
Also, she was ordered by her supervisors to report fewer hours than she actually worked.  The employees at  nearly one in four companies in Japan are at risk of dying as a result of working too many hours each week.  The Labor Ministry reported about 100 suicides per year due to Karoshi.  And, they stated that this represents "just the tip of the iceberg."  Jean and I spent a total of about five weeks in Japan on two trips in the late 80's and early 90's.  I can remember local train trips through their downtown office building locale where we saw many, many workers still busy although the hour could be 9:00 or 10:00 PM.  Our Country also has its share of suicides.  I just read an article where the Pentagon reported 265 active-duty servicemen committed suicide last year.  I spent 3 1/2 years on active duty in World War II and I never heard of a single suicide; yet altogether we lost more GI's to suicide than were killed in action during the Iraq and Afghanistan  wars.  I've only had two personal connections with suicide in my  92 years.  My good friend Jim Zdenik (the head of our Art Department) got a call one day that his son, a sophomore at some university in Texas, had just committed suicide.  What a blow for poor Jim and his wife!  I don't think he ever recovered from that shock.  My other encounter occurred in 1967 when I attended evening classes at the University of Chicago working on my MBA degree.  The University assigned various Faculty Members to act as mentors where we students could call on for help when needed.  My Mentor was a full Professor of Psychology, about 35 years old.  I didn't know that he and his spouse were going through divorce proceedings.  At any rate, I worked just across the street from a Federal Building on Monroe street that had many Lawyers' offices.  By coincidence, my Mentor and his wife were meeting there in some Law Office on the sixth floor.  I heard later that he said he was thirsty and was going to a drinking fountain out in the hallway.  Instead, he jumped out of a hallway window and fell six stories to his death.  I never got a replacement mentor; the U. of C. was probably too embarrassed with my first assignment.
Love, Boppa John
