HOUSING FOR THE POOR

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 85:
"We praise your name, Lord, for you will indeed give what is good and our land will yield its harvest.  Righteousness goes before you, Lord, and prepares the way for your steps."

I'm certainly in favor of providing help for families so poor that their monthly rent exceeds 30% of their income.  The Chicago Housing Authority shares the cost of the rent from poor tenants (who are required to contribute that first 30%).  The Housing Authority doles out vouchers costing about $36 million each month and provided by federal funds.  About 45,000 households (107, 000 individuals) receive these vouchers, but there are another 50,000 households on the waiting list.  Chicago Landlords are required by city ordinance to accept housing voucher payments as long as the full rent gets covered by both the CHA and the tenant.  Here's where political mismanagement steps in.  The CHA policy permits renting luxury apartments for some needy families while leaving others out in the cold.  Chicago Mayor, Rahm Emanuel, calls it a "well intentioned policy gone awry."  As an example, a single woman lives in a downtown apartment for which she pays $248 a month, and taxpayers pay the rest - $2,752;  in the South Loop, a family of four lives rent-free in a townhouse for which taxpayers pay $3,911 a month;  near Navy Pier, a woman and two other people live in a three-bedroom condo for which they pay $201 per month with taxpayers kicking in the remaining $3, 579.  It's a sign of serious mismanagement that the CHA would pay these  kinds of extraordinary high rents for some needy families while relegating to a waiting list tens of thousands of other low-income families.  Those on the list are no doubt every bit as eager to leave behind high-poverty and high-crime neighborhoods.  The CHA says it has begun phasing out those luxury-level rents and will not renew more contracts as they expire next year.  It's a good thing that we don't run our households like some politicians run our government.
Love, Boppa John
P.S.  IRISH PROFITS:  One of the eyedrops I take each day, for treating Glaucoma, is Lumigan.  This eyedrops is produced by Allergen Pharmaceutical headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.  They charge $150 for the 1/2 teaspoon contents.  Lucky for me, I only have to pay $31 and my insurance covers the rest...and, across the Atlantic, there are shareholders singing, "When Irish eyes are smiling." 
