THE GHOST FOREST

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 90:
"O Lord, have compassion on us; satisfy us in the morning with your unfailing love that we may sing for joy and be glad all our days."

There's a grove of western red cedars on the banks of the Copalis river near the Washington coast.  The cedars are spread out across a salt marsh on a northern bank of the river, long dead but still standing.  Leafless, branchless, barkless, they are reduced to their trunks and worn to a smooth silver gray.  It had long been assumed that they had died slowly, as the sea level around them gradually rose.  In 1987, Yamaguchi, a  specialist in the study of growth-ring patterns in trees, took samples of the cedars and found that they had died simultaneously sometime from August 1699 to May 1700.  It was determined that an earthquake had caused the land to drop and killed the cedars.  That era preceded the written history of the Pacific Northwest...and so, by rights. the detective story should have stopped there.  But it did not.  If you travel 5,000 miles due west from the ghost forest, you reach the northwest coast of Japan. That coast is vulnerable to tsunamis, and the Japanese have kept track of them since at least 599 AD.  One incident has long stood out for its strangeness.  On January 27, 1700, a 600-mile-long wave struck the coast and leveled many homes.  Scientists called it an orphan tsunami because, since they knew tsunamis were caused by earthquakes, no one felt any ground shake before the event. Yamaguchi and his fellow American Scientists matched that orphan to its parent.  At approximately nine at night on January 26, 1700, a magnitude-9.0 earthquake struck the Pacific Northwest, causing sudden land subsidence and, out in the ocean, lifting up a wave half the length of a continent .  It took roughly 15 minutes for the eastern half of that wave to strike the Northwest Coast.  It took ten hours for the other half to cross the ocean.  This is one of those rare natural puzzles whose pieces fit together as earth's tectonic plates do not: perfectly.
Love, Boppa John
