GRASSHOPPERS IN THE ARCTIC CIRCLE

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes rom Psalm 108:
"Lord, your lovingkindness is great beyond measure, high as the heavens.  It towers above the earth."

Climate change is really affecting life for citizens on the far northern edge of America.  Last summer, Alaska had its second worst wildfire season in history and this summer is shaping up to be one of the hottest on record.  For the first time, grasshoppers have been found on the tundra near the Arctic Circle.  The gravel runaway for planes landing at the town of Wales has been hard frozen all winter long, solid ground to land small planes on.  But, an almost overnight thaw has turned the hard-packed gravel into a sticky, muddy mess.  Until it dries out the is officially off limits.  This may take 10 days to two weeks.  Overnight,
the town of Wales has lost its connection to the outside world.  The sea ice that normally fronts the village for half the year is melting earlier and earlier.  Now, the 110-persons on the island of Little Diomede in the Bering Strait have to depend on a helicopter that can land only in good weather.  Last year, the helicopter couldn't land for six weeks and the Islanders ran out of toilet paper.  The weaker ice is also affecting polar bears, which normally prowl the edges hunting seals.  Forced to swim longer distances between ice floes, cubs often drown, and federal scientists are alarmed by the drop in the polar bear population.  Experts say there could be as few as 25,000 of these iconic animals living worldwide.  To help protect polar bears, the villagers in Wales are working with the World Wildlife Fund to patrol their community with air horns and noise makers.  They hope to scare the bears away from kids walking to and from school in the long dark winter;  instead of just killing the bears from a safe distance.  It seems like a small thing, but with so few bears left alive, literally every bear matters.  For residents of Wales, the polar bears are an integral part of the natural world...and that natural world is changing around them.
Love, Boppa John 
