PEARL HARBOR

Dear Family,  My prayer today is from Psalm 92:
"Lord, your statutes stand firm, holiness adorns your house for endless days."

Tomorrow marks the 75th anniversary of Japan's surprise attack on our huge Naval Base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.  Just a few weeks earlier, a Gallup Poll found that 88 per cent of American citizens did not favor declaring war on Hitler...now we were suddenly plunged into that war as Japan quickly joined the Axis powers of Germany and Italy.  I was 17 years old at that time and in my first year of employment at Swift & Company.  I had completed four years of ROTC (Reserve Officer's Training Corps) at Calumet High School.
Unlike the 88%, I thought our country should join the Allies and fight against Adolph Hitler and his regime.  At any rate, the Japanese attack began at 7:55 that morning and lasted for one hour and 15  minutes.  There were 353 Japanese fighter planes launched from four aircraft carriers. Nineteen U. S. Naval ships were destroyed or damaged and 2,403 U. S. personnel were killed.  Over one half of this total were aboard the U.S, Battleship Arizona and they still lie beneath the sea at Pearl Harbor.  The oil and other fuel flamed as it floated all around the Arizona and there was no way the Sailors could abandon ship.  Jean and I visited this memorial a couple of times in the '80s and '90s and it's sort of eerie that all these years later, there are still blobs of oil from this sunken battleship rising to the surface.  The Japanese lost 29 aircraft and five midget subs at Pearl Harbor that day.  Fortunately, our  three Aircraft Carriers which were normally stationed at Pearl Harbor were out to sea practising
maneuvers so they were unscathed.  Six months later at the Battle of Midway we destroyed four large Japanese Aircraft Carriers.  From that point on, we had the upper hand insofar as naval encounters on the Pacific.  It's difficult for me to realize that seventy-five years have passed so quickly.
Love, Boppa John  

Hi!  This is an extension to my Pearl Harbor snippet.  Mollie Denman Ottenhoff, one of my cherished Grand Daughters, tells of the miracle survival of her Grandad Charles May, who enlisted at age 17 in the Navy back in 1941, prior to Pearl Harbor.  Charlie passed away last year.  He was a great guy and he and I had some World War II discussions.


Hey Bops!

Grandpa Charlie was at Pearl Harbor. He was waiting on the Phoenix for a transport to the Arizona for Protestant services. Luckily for him, the transport was a half hour late so he was still on the Phoenix for the attack. If that transport was on time, no Denman (May) family or Ott kids! 

I didn't even know about it until I was in high school and the movie came out. We all went to see it, and he finally told us the full story. It seemed like a big relief for him to share. From then on, Grandpa was very proud to be a Pearl Harbor survivor and even went to one of the reunions. 

Love,

Mollie  
