IN THE BEGINNING WAS THE WORD...

Dear Family, My prayer today comes from Psalm 119:
"Father God.  I have hidden your word in my heart, that I might not sin against you."

Five or six days each week I begin my workout by reading either the large-print Readers" Digest or a large-print novel.  Reading makes those twenty minutes fly by.  Today, out of the blue, my mind flashed back 85 years to when I was in my early years of Elementary School.  Each day, when we came back to our desks at 1:00 PM after the noon break,  our Teacher would read to us for 15 minutes.  This would usually be from some Kid's novel, such as Treasure Island or The Hardy Boys. Those were the fastest 15 minutes of the entire day and usually we could hardly wait for the next day to find out what would happen next.  I hope many of you had this same experience in Elementary School.  One of the charities that I give to is The Wycliffe Bible Translators.  In the past sixty years they have worked with various groups of Natives in many parts of the world to develop printed languages and then publish a bible in that newly printed tongue.  They have 1,900 more groups to work with and are hoping to get that goal accomplished, at least in part, by 2025.  Can you imagine what it would be like to NOT have a printed version of our English language?  Millions of teenagers not being able to text each other every ten minutes each day and night?  Just 155 years ago, we were relying on the Pony Express to deliver mail from Missouri to California in the amazingly short time of ten days...now, we can hit the "send key" on our computers and reach anyplace in the world in seconds.  When the Apostle John wrote his epistle over 2000 years ago, "In the beginning was the Word"....followed by, "And the Word was God",  John was referring to Jesus.  I'm thankful that John's
book is part of the inspired Word of God and it has been given to us to read all these years. 
Love, Boppa John 
P.S.  Speaking of "words", I work a patternless crossword puzzle each day and am always excited to learn a new word.  Last week, I learned the word "ataraxia"...it was more exciting to learn that I'm actually blessed to have ataraxia. 
