NEW RULES FOR THE HEART

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 15:
"Lord, we pray that you will help us speak the truth from our hearts'  We pray that you will allow us a walk that is blameless and to do that which is righteous."

The heart is a muscle, nothing more, nothing less, but it's a muscle like no other.  It started beating just four weeks after you were conceived.   And, except for the 58 million lives snuffed out in U.S. abortion clinics, it will continue beating , a bit more than once every second for one's entire life.  When it stops, you die.  As simple as that.  An estimated 610,000 Americans will die of cardiovascular disease this year.  When it comes to protecting this most critical organ, new science is making some old advice obsolete.  As an example, old thinking focused on lowering "bad" LDL cholesterol .  There are actually different kinds of LDL, and raising "good" HDL may be more important. Old thinking declared that all saturated fats were bad and should be seriously limited.  It's complicated, but trans fats are the worst for your heart.  Full-fat dairy now has a place in a healthy diet as do modest amounts of red meat.  In old thinking, the 120/80 ratio signaled healthy blood pressure and a healthy heart.  New science advises that your blood pressure may need to drop even lower.  In a new study called SPRINT,  people who took blood-pressure-lowering drugs to bring their systolic pressure to below 120 were less likely to die from any cause than those who dropped their pressure only to under 140.  The results were so dramatic that the researchers stopped the trial early so those in the higher blood pressure group could start working with their doctors to bring their BP lower.  Also, old thinking advised taking a baby aspirin every day to prevent a heart attack.  New science advises that if you haven't already had a heart attack, the pill is not advised,  Old thinking advised one to burn more calories than the number you took in if you want to lose weight.  New science advises it's not just how many calories but where they come from that matters.  And, so it goes.  The real answer, of course is that our  heart stops when God says it's time.  I'll be 92 this week and I've had triple by-pass surgery 17 years ago and congestive heart failure 4 years ago.  In the meantime, I workout 5 or 6 times weekly, sleep well, eat mostly healthy foods, take my medications faithfully, and do what I can to prolong my years because I love living.  But, when my time comes, things will be even better, since I'll be "dwelling in the house of the Lord forever."
Love, Boppa John
