ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE vs THE HUMAN MIND

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 119:
"God our Father, we have thought much about your words and have stored them in our hearts so that they may hold us back from sin."

Some of our leading engineers and most brilliant theorists say no one can predict the future of Artificial Intelligence.  Will machines learn to think like humans - and then outthink us?  And, if they do, what will become of us?  From Apple to Amazon, Facebook to Intel, the titans of the 21st century are investing fortunes and countless hours in Artificial Intelligence. Google's 2014 purchase of the British firm Deep Mind for over $400 million produced a bonanza of publicity this year, when its game-playing program whipped human master of the ancient strategy game GO.  IBM is pouring in $1 billion into building a business around WATSON, the company's digital Jeopardy champion.  Some gloom sayers maintain that the rapid rise of of super intelligent machines - which already are taking over jobs as factory workers, stock traders, data processors, even news reporters - will eventually render us all obsolete.  Yale University Professor, David Gelernter isn't buying it.  The question of the human body must be faced, and understood, he maintains.  "As it now exists, the field of Artificial Intelligence doesn't have anything that speaks to emotions and the physical body, so they just refuse to talk about it." he says.  In Galernter's opinion, we already have a most singular form of intelligence available for study - the one that produced Bach, Shakespeare and Ghandi - and we scarcely understands its workings.  We're blundering ahead in ignorance when we talk about replacing it.  Another dissenter from Silicon Valley, Roman Ormandy also advises, "The  more neural research progresses, the clearer it becomes that our brain is more complex than we thought a few decades ago."  Dr. Galernter agrees that computers are going to grow much more powerful in the coming years.  But, says he, this is precisely why we need to understand what computers are not, and can never be.  Unlike most of his colleagues, Dr. Galernter is a Christian and I'm sure that has an influence in how he views the subject.  Another thing that drew me to this topic happened one early summer day in 1993.  In his office at Yale, Gerlernter opened a package that had come in the mail.  A pipe bomb, prepared by Ted Kaczynski - the so-called Unabomber - destroyed his right hand and left him fighting for his life. More than two decades later, Gerlernter still deals daily with the pain and disability.  As many of you know, the Kaczynski family bought Uncle Wendy Yonker's house and attended Evergreen Park Public High school.  Sometimes, a person just don't know who's going to move into the neighborhood (It isn't always Mr. Rogers).
Love, Boppa John
