ALCOHOLISM

Dear Family,
My prayer today comes from Psalm 74:
"We praise you, O Lord, for the day is yours, and yours also is the night. You established the sun and moon. It was you, Lord, who set the boundaries of all the earth; you made both summer and winter."

I first encountered alcoholism at the age of 18 when I woke up for revelry at Camp Grant.  I saw a guy in a cot across the aisle reach under his bed and come up with a bottle of beer, immediately uncapping  and drinking it.  I said to the soldier in the cot next to mine, "What's with that guy drinking a warm beer at 5:30 in the morning?"  To which he replied, "He must be an alcoholic and he needs that 'fix' to get through the day."  I thought of this the other day when I read an article about a lawyer who is trying desperately to kick the habit.  Many in her Law Firm gather at a local bar at around 4:00 PM each working day.  Since she's the only Afro American in the firm, she thought it best to join her fellow workers.  Before long she became hooked.  People drink to socialize, celebrate and relax.  Alcohol enter's your bloodstream as soon as you take your first sip. I reviewed an article which spoke of a large survey of 15,000 plus attorneys.  The survey showed that over 20% of these currently employed  lawyers drink at levels consistent with that of alcoholics.  By comparison, these numbers are roughly 3 to 4 times higher than the Government estimates for alcohol use disorders in the general population.  It's also amazing that some alcoholics can hide their problem and function normally,  I once had a friend who was an alcoholic but neither I nor any of his friends suspected it.  He was divorced, living by himself, and had one married daughter living out of state.  At one time, he had some pretty severe pains and I took him to the doctor.  After various tests, he was found to have an aneurism in the weakened wall of his heart.  He survived a very serious but successful operation.  A day or two later, when I visited him in the hospital, he was shaking all over and kicking off his bed sheets.  I phoned his surgeon to find out the cause of my friend's problem.  The surgeon told me that my friend had confessed that each night before going to bed he'd consume a full glass of gin...and now he was suffering the tremors of withdrawal from his drinking problem.  My alcoholic friend spent a long period of rehab.  He seemed to have recovered, but passed away about a year later. 
Love, Boppa John  
