DR. ALOIS ALZHEIMER

Dear Family, My prayer today comes from Psalm 81:
"We praise your name, O God, for in our distress we called on you and you answered our prayer."

Back in 1901, Dr. Alzheimer asked one of his patients in a Frankfort hospital several questions.  He recorded the questions and confused answers word for word.  When this patient died five years later, Alzheimer autopsied her brain and examined it under a microscope.  He observed thick fibers, called tangles. that wrapped around the cell's interiors , crushing their contents.  He also observed clumps of smooth plaques that filled the space around the cells and distorted their shape.  He referred to this as  "A serious disease of the cerebral cortex."  Later, most Physicians named it Alzheimer's Disease.  At the present time there are about 5.3 million people in the U.S. who have Alzheimer's.  Over the past 100 plus years medical researchers haven't come up with a drug or technological treatment for this disease.  On the other hand, a growing and impressive body of research  shows that life-style habits can dramatically reduce one's risk for developing the disease.  Study results show that people who changed their habits to include nutritious eating, regular exercise, and intellectual pursuits performed at least 25% better on tests of memory, thinking, and problem solving than did other people who kept the same routine.  Physical activity ranks as the most potent Alzheimer's protection.  People who exercised  15 to 30 minutes a session for at least three times a week were less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease, even if the disease ran in their families.  One's eyes can be a window to Alzheimers.  Researchers  used special technology to examine participants"s retinas for deposits 0f amyloid beta, found in plaques that build up in the brain.  Based on PET brain scans, , they found that amyloid levels in the eye correlated with those in the brain.  This means that a simple eye exam may detect Alzheimer's decades before patients have symptoms and could help monitor disease progression.  If you want to learn more, you can order the book, OUTSMARTING ALZHEIMER'S for $19.99 by going to the website: outsmarting alzheimers.com/RD.  (unlike Facebook, I do not reap any financial benefits for including this commercial.)
Love, Boppa John
