Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 114:
"Glorify your name, not ours, O Lord!  Cause everyone to praise your lovingkindness and your truth."

Creative talent has been around for a long time.  I'm sure most of you have heard the tale of the Trojan Horse.  About 3,000 years ago, the Greeks set up a siege against the city of Troy.  Since the siege was getting poor results, one of the Greeks had a brilliant idea.  The Greeks fashioned a  huge hollowed-out wooden horse.  Inside the horse,  20 to 30 heavily-armed Greek soldiers hid as the main force began to sail away.  The Trojans figured the war was over...they wheeled the horse into their city walls and celebrated.  While this was going on the Greek fleet returned under cover of darkness.  Later that night the soldiers inside the horse came out, opened the City's gates, and the Greeks won a resounding victory.  What a creative way to end a war.  Three thousand years later, Harry Truman ended World War II by wiping out two Japanese cities with atomic bombs.  For all of we GI's training for an assault on the shores of Japan, that was also a creative way to end a war.  I have a Grand Daughter, Mollie, who writes a very creative blog.  This year she is one of the winners in an annual contest honoring Mothers, and we all get a chance to hear her read one of her blog posts on stage just before Mother's Day.  I told Mollie that, about 65 years ago, I took an eight-week course at Northwestern on CREATIVITY.  Mollie said I should write a snippet on that, so here goes.  I don't remember many of the details of that course, but I do recall that at our first class, our Professor gave each of us a mousetrap and told us to cut small pieces of paper, fasten them to the mousetrap
(which we were to carry with us everywhere for the next 5 or 6 weeks).  Each time we'd get an idea for a new use for the mousetrap, we were to record the idea on one of papers.
During the second week of the course, our professor was emphasizing how relevant the setting and surroundings are to the importance and impressions left by a new idea.  He asked for a volunteer from the class to demonstrate this.  Several hands went up and he chose one of the females in the class to come up.  While he continued to extol the importance of the setting, he reached up behind the volunteer's neck and must have loosened some button or clip.  At any rate, he suddenly pulled the gal's entire dress off and she was clad in a teensy-wheensy bikini.  As the class gasped, he said, "You'll note that Mary has quite a build and would probably draw oohs and aahs  on any beach.  But, here in this classroom she's created an impression you'll never forget."  And, 65 years later, I can testify that the Professor was right.  By the way, that professional model liked the course and attended for the next final six weeks.
Love, Boppa John
