IMMUNOTHERAPY 

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 2:
"Father, we thank you for the promise in your word , where you reveal that 'All who take refuge your word are blessed'.  Help us, Lord, to fully trust you and your promise that all things work together for good to those who love you."

In the world of experimental cancer therapies and treatments, many haven't been proven but are promising enough to be tested in people enrolled in clinical trials.  Immunotherapy is a new approach to cancer that oncologists are calling the most promising in decades - and probably ever.  Immunotherapy is simple in principle.  It's a way to trigger the immune system's ability to seek out and destroy invaders.  That's how the body fights off bacteria and viruses.  But it doesn't do that with cancer, which occurs when healthy cells mutate to outsmart those built-in defenses.  Dr. Stephen Rosenberg, a pioneer in immunotherapy and the chief  of surgery and head of tumor immunology at the National Cancer Institute says, "Instead of using external forces, like a scalpel or radiation beams, it takes advantage of the body's own natural immune reaction against cancer."  The therapies, administered in pill or IV form,  trigger the immune system to fight cancer cells while keeping healthy cells intact.  One of these drugs, called pembrolizumab, is approved and used to treat melanoma. It's the same drug that sent former President Jimmy Carter's melanoma, which had spread to his brain, into remission seemingly overnight.  There are currently 3,400 immunotherapy trials underway in the U.S. and many more around the world.  These trials are hoping to prove that immunotherapy is not only safe, but also a better way to battle certain cancers...one that may eventually spare people the life-sapping effects of chemotherapy and the years of followup surgeries.  There are nearly 7 million people around the world who die of cancer each year.  A handful of them may make it into trials and see miraculous results.  Others have no choice but to wait. It costs about $200,000 per year for each person in one of these clinical trials.  That's hardly sustainable for treating nearly 14 million people in the U.S. living with cancer.  In the meantime, we can pray that God blesses these efforts to find the cure.
Love, Boppa John
