STAY-AT-H0ME MOMS

Dear Family,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 86:
"We praise you, Lord, for you are kind and forgiving, abounding in love to all who call on you."

As expressed in a line from an old country ballad, "The times, they are a-changing."  I was thinking of that when I read an article in my morning paper on stay-at-home Moms.  When Jean graduated from High School in 1945, she started working for International Harvester as a typist.  By 1949 she had worked her way up to become the private secretary to the Payroll Manager.  But shortly thereafter, she had to quit because of a strict company rule that one couldn't work after her fifth month of pregnancy.  When both of our daughters were in school (about twenty years later), Jean though it might be fun to take a part-time job; so she found one...answering phones and typing invoices for Englewood Stove. After two weeks on the job, she decided employment wasn't for her, so she quit.  At that time, almost all of Jean's friends were stay-at-home Moms.  Only those in dire financial straits worked.  It's just the opposite in today's culture, where most of the Moms have a job.  As pointed out in the newspaper article, "Trading in an overbearing boss, a killer commute and a grey cubicle to become a stay-at-home Mom may seem as if you won the lottery."  But for many it isn't too long before staying at home with a couple of small children wasn't as wonderful as they thought it would be.  Some Moms became very isolated, became lonely and felt lost.  A recent Gallup survey found that stay-at-home Moms in the United States are more likely than working Moms to experience sadness and anger.  Twenty-eight per cent reported depression when asked how they were feeling the previous day, compared with 17 per cent of the employed mothers.  Psychotherapists advise that making connections with other stay-at-home Moms is essential.  In this way, women begin to build a sense of community which lessens feelings of isolation. Psychiatrist Carly Snyder writes, "The choice should be based on whether a woman feels she will be happier working inside or outside the home.  I don't believe either option changes how good a Mom someone is.  It's just a question of what will make them feel most accomplished and happiest at the end of the day."
Love, Boppa John
